0	adjudicated	3	Here's the suggested reading orders directly from Terry's website. [link]
1	adjudicated	3	The narrator of this extraordinary tale is a man in search of truth. He answers an ad in a local newspaper from a teacher looking for serious pupils, only to find himself alone in an abandoned office with a full-grown gorilla who is nibbling delicately on a slender branch.
2	adjudicated	3	Hearing Die A Legen, I knew he had insane potential. his lyricism isn't insane in like a pejorative "lyrical miracle" sense but rather his bars/lyrics are so poignant and hard hitting
3	adjudicated	1	The Witch P.I series by Adele Abbott has no murders - the books are short and pretty fun.
4	adjudicated	1	My recommendation to anyone in Florida is just never, ever buy one of these plans from a FL dealer since it will 100% of the time cost you about 100% more. And I have total disdain for Florida dealers who push their overpriced crap, often third party worthless warranties instead, on people, which is why I have such a strong opinion on it :).
5	adjudicated	1	It's a great book. I loved it. It's just got such a slow start up. For me, it didn't start getting good until part 2. But once it gets good, it gets GOOD.
6	adjudicated	3	The perpetrator was 22-year-old David Cousins. Wearing a mask and carrying a sawed-off shotgun, he entered Quincy's Town and Country. Cousins pointed the shotgun at Bagby's head and led him throughout the bank to find the vault. He ordered bank vice president Louis McClelland out of the vault. As McClelland walked forward, Cousins, in what is disputed as accidental (some officers thought he stumbled) or intentional, shot Bagby in the back of the head, killing him. Cousins then picked up the rounds, reloaded his shotgun, and pointed it at McClelland head. They walked throughout the bank until they found $300,000. In a standoff which lasted nearly seven hours, Cousins held McClelland and seven others hostage.[quote] said Geneva Bagby, Jesse's mother, after her release. [quote][quote][link]Before he was sentenced, Cousins apologized, sayiny [quote]In 1994, Cousins's appeal was dismissed. Now 51, he is serving his sentence at the Federal Correctional Institution in Sandstone, Minnesota, and is scheduled for release on January 20, 2027.
7	adjudicated	4	In the dark forest at the end of the road, lies something buried. But, it is not what you think.
8	adjudicated	2	Fun fact about the origins of the Wiccan Rede https://www.religioustolerance.org/wicrede1.htmIt origins come from a few different text, including Crowelys book of law. Point being It’s a moral belief one chooses to subscribe to, a personal choice. The origins are not ancient, folks that created Wicca thought it was a good idea to create this as a moral guideline, which is fine. People act like it’s a fact and it’s really not. It’s mostly like a personal vow you are taking to harm none and should not be pushed onto everyone that practices magic especially non-Wiccans.
9	adjudicated	4	True love or not, the game must play out, and the fates of everyone involved, from the cast of extraordinary circus performers to the patrons, hang in the balance, suspended as precariously as the daring acrobats overhead.
10	adjudicated	1	Yeah dude/gal you’re a medical student you should be able to do a basic literature search this isn’t a niche topic
11	adjudicated	3	Most of the threads on the front page are recommendation threads, which are fine, and I reply to those when I have a good answer. Another good portion of the front page is for deals on books and the like. A very small minority of topics are reserved for actually discussing literature, or art in any capacity beyond the fannish, consumerist mode this sub encourages. Anything off the front page is dead, no one answers, no one cares.That leaves, for us, a very few threads where actual discussion happens. This space absolutely *is* monopolized by Sanderson and his fans, and that *is* annoying3. I have spent time attempting to foster better conversation, but it doesn't really matter, nothing sticks, it's just Sanderson all the way down. So I *now* mostly post on the truelit sub, and occasionally some here to see if it's back to how it was, and it never is because, oh look, another thread about how great Sanderson is.Go post on Cosmere, there you can just not have to deal with the likes of me, better for everyone.
12	adjudicated	3	It's also worth noting that BHRT is not the most common form of HRT and is not what is happening in the vast majority of cases, even if you want to argue that it's the same as endogenous natural production of hormones (it still is not).
13	adjudicated	1	what's titel? Does it work for non english books too? I usually look for italians manga or books
14	adjudicated	3	Stockholm syndrome is not "extremely real"Stockholm syndrome has never been included in the [Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders][outside link] or DSM, the standard tool for diagnosis of psychiatric illnesses and disorders in the [USA][outside link], mainly due to the lack of a consistent body of academic research.In her 2019 treatise on [domestic violence][outside link]*See What You Made Me Do*, Australian journalist Jess Hill described the syndrome as a "dubious pathology with no diagnostic criteria", and stated that it is "riddled with misogyny and founded on a lie"; she also noted that a 2008 [literature review][outside link] revealed that "most diagnoses \[of Stockholm syndrome\] are made by the media, not by psychologists or psychiatrists."I could perhaps understand it as a narrative device after she got the God power if she was lavished with praise by Fritz and treated with honor and respect, but every panel shows her still being treated like shit and she would know he even fed her to his children when she died.
15	adjudicated	1	Taylor did not write Speak Now by herself, apart from If This Was a Movie which she DID.
16	adjudicated	1	I love seeing everyone’s carts and imagining their personalities based off them! I feel like we’d be similar people...though these are sweeping generalizations. I put the flawless filter in my cart too and someone said it made them cakey so now I’m on the fence about it. Can never go wrong with Angel in my book And the T28 After Hours looks so good with the color wild
17	adjudicated	3	I remember in the 1970s, Nestle was pushing their baby formulas in Africa by telling moms it was better than breastmilk. Our middle school English literature teacher told us and urged us to boycott Nestle. Nestle has been evil for a long time.
18	adjudicated	2	And even just reading. While not all kids are big into reading, it seems deliberate that not a single one was seen on camera with books. No one dragged Harry Potter to sibling x(12)'s Birthday dinner, no one was ever just tucked into a corner with a copy of the Hunger Games or To Kill A Mockingbird or Hatchet or Bridge to Terabithia.I'd want to just start by encouraging them all to read more.
19	adjudicated	3	I love the philosophical/psychological perspective from Jordan Peterson as a non believer and how those stories resonate with his practice of psychology. I admire William Lane Craig as he is just a mighty wise man with perspectives such as the “Kalam cosmological argument” and the “moral argument” plus his teachings on the history of the evidence for “Jesus” the man who lived here on Earth. The Bible to me isn’t just a book full of wisdom, it’s a book of prophecy that has been proven from Isaiah as he spoke about the coming of Jesus but also the historical accounts of these books. Like Sodom and Gomorrah. Look that place up on YouTube, modern day Sodom and Gomorrah. It sends chills up your spine.
20	adjudicated	1	Omg that is ALL about being embarrassed that other people had to step in to take care of her kid and it would make her look bad. 🤦 No "wow I'm so embarrassed I can't believe I've been keeping my kid from being able to *see* properly." Btw if you write a book, I want to read it. :)
21	adjudicated	1	Both of their populations were displaced and murdered after their home was invaded...
22	adjudicated	3	If there are any scholars you like in particular, take a deep dive into their papers and see how they are written. If there are literary texts that you find particularly fascinating, have a look at what has been written about them and pick a few favorite essays. Then ask yourself questions like:  Are they front-loaded with sections on theory? Are their close-readings interspersed with bits and pieces of theory? How flowery or concise is their language? etc. etc.My second advice is to ask yourself *what you are writing* and *whom you are writing* for. How creative does your writing really have to be?If you are writing a term paper, I would recommend to check in with your lecturer/supervisor to a) get some pointers on their personal preferences and b) ask them for tips on how to spruce up your writing.If you are writing for an academic audience and to have your work published in a journal, you should first have a look at their style guides and then see how the articles they have published conform to (or even break with) their rules. Some journals call for rather essayistic texts—others, to quote Amitav Ghosh's *The Hungry Tide*, might "\[want\] words with the heft of stainless steel."There is absolutely nothing wrong with simplicity (and clarity) in academic writing. I much prefer to read a well laid-out, straightforward, and jargon-free paper (whether from academic colleagues or any of my students) than a flowery and/or (b)rambe-ly mess.In case you are writing for a personal blog (or anything comparable), see advice number one: Just throw words at the wall and see what sticks!My third and fourth advice, in case you find yourself struggling to come up with creative —i.e. novel—approaches to canonized texts, in part harks back to u/siaparry's sound advice. On one hand, in this instance you could very deliberately try to stray from the canon and see if you can use your personal theoretical toolbox to make sense of understudied texts on one hand.On the other hand, you could also keep reading widely in terms of both theoretical and literary texts and see if the texts begin to speak both to you and to each other. (This was my preferred approach during my bachelor's and master's, where I would frequently put literary texts from one class in conversation with theoretical frameworks from another.)
23	adjudicated	3	Skills in the cognitive domain revolve around knowledge, comprehension, and [critical thinking][link] on a particular topic. Traditional education tends to emphasize the skills in this domain, particularly the lower-order objectives.There are six levels in the taxonomy, moving through the lowest order processes to the highest:Exhibit memory of learned materials by recalling facts, terms, basic concepts and answersKnowledge of specifics - terminology, specific factsKnowledge of ways and means of dealing with specifics - conventions, trends and sequences, classifications and categories, criteria, methodology
24	adjudicated	2	I haven’t seen the other two you mention, but we’re watched the Adam Protect the other night and it was delightfully mediocre. Couldn’t think of a better way to mindlessly pass an hour or two.
25	adjudicated	3	A few months back someone in r/TrueLit made a lengthy post arguing that One Piece was heavily inspired by James Joyce's Ulysses, of all things. Now, I know next to nothing about Oda or One Piece, but most of those supposed parallels sound like generalizations. Yes, Luffy and Stephen Dedalus are afraid of water, but so are David Dunn, Jason Voorhees and the Wicked Witch of the West. Likewise, Paranoid characters and Danny plots aren't unique to Pynchon. I suppose it's possible that Oda has been influenced by these two writers, either directly or, more likely, through derivative works, but comparing them seems like a bit of a stretch. If anything, I would look at the adventure novel as a likely source of inspiration for all three of them. As Pynchon likes to note, the mind can make the unlikeliest connections seem plausible, especially if one likes both authors and thinks about them all the time.
26	adjudicated	3	The Unites States are a great example of how democratic and free institutions are not enough to protect minorities.I agree that US history demonstrates limitations of protecting rights in democratic systems. But I hope you’d agree too that minority rights can be fully respected, even for Jews, in democratic countries, and that US history demonstrates how advancing equal rights is possible. The limitations don’t mean that the solution is to ethnically segregate and divide the US, the solution is to further promote equal rights.When the conflict started in the 1920's, the Zionists were the ones trying to appeal to the Arabs, talking about a mere "Jewish homeland" within a democratic Palestine, that would give both Jews and Arabs rights. The Palestinians, lead by Husseinis, rejected that idea, and decided to turn it into a race war, commit pogroms against the Jews, while chanting "Palestine is our land, and the Jews are our dogs".
27	adjudicated	1	I don't think authors wait until they have finished all books to publish. Just have George Martin in mind. He released 5 books and the fans are many years waiting for the series to get an end in the books. Same happens to a lot of different writers. Becca Fitzpatrick, Lauren Kate, Pittacus Lore... They published one book per year of their series. Actually, you have to be lucky. Because you may publish one book but it's not guaranteed it's gonna be a success. The publisher may not have interest in publishing a second or third one, cause the first one didn't sell well. So you're actually gonna be lucky if you publish one book and it sell so well that the publishers gonna have interest in publishing the rest of the story.
28	adjudicated	1	You're getting down voted but it's true. Someone somewhere was so homophobic that they couldn't hear the word "fairy" without thinking gay. Despite the absolutely huge cultural component of fairies in literature and mythology. Same person who instigated that probably thinks Midsummer Night's Dream should be banned. And probably the entirety of Ireland...
29	adjudicated	3	I should have said at the outset that I will conduct this discussion like a university seminar.  Questions of belief or appeals to authority or dogma will not enter in.  The basis will be historical evidence and analysis and academic literature.
30	adjudicated	1	Sure but then again, its one thing to say a dude named Alexandre existed and another to fantasize how he flew on a magic carpet and shot fire bombs out of his ass.I don't debate Krishna may have existed, its possible.I debate whether he had any of the powers that are popularized in the literature and movies.
31	adjudicated	3	Its actually barely even recognized in clinical science and massively overplayed in the media based on one faulty exampleStockholm syndrome has never been included in the [Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders][link] or DSM, the standard tool for diagnostic of psychiatric illnesses and disorders, mainly due to the lack of a consistent body of academic research.[links] The syndrome is rare: according to data from the [FBI][link] about 5% of hostage victims show evidence of Stockholm syndrome.[link]In her 2019 treatise on [domestic violence][link] *See What You Made Me Do*, Australian journalist Jess Hill described the syndrome as a "dubious pathology with no diagnostic criteria", and stated that it is "riddled with misogyny and founded on a lie"; she also noted that a 2008 [literature review][outside link] revealed that "most diagnoses \[of Stockholm syndrome\] are made by the media, not by psychologists or psychiatrists."
32	adjudicated	2	The books are good though, at least the first ones
33	adjudicated	3	The Major and the Minor is a 1942 American comedy film starring Ginger Rogers and Ray Milland. It was the first American film directed by Billy Wilder. The screenplay credited to Wilder and Charles Brackett is "suggested by" the 1923 play Connie Goes Home by Edward Childs Carpenter, based on the 1921 Saturday Evening Post story "Sunny Goes Home" by Fannie Kilbourne.
34	adjudicated	1	It helps me to just read junk. Sometimes instead of heady fiction or truelit stuff I just want to read some garbage! Page turners. Anything is better than nothing.
35	adjudicated	2	Who's we? He obviously wanted to, and since it's his novel, I don't see why not. Also, this is truelit, I come here for in-depth literature discussion, not to be reminded of reddits tendency to review books they don't plan on reading.
36	adjudicated	3	Here's an [article][link] about why asking pocto educate you on racism is violent (its emotionally and psychologically violent, and emotional/psychological violence IS violence). And here's an [article][link] with a booklist-- although you are welcome to google "booklists for white people who want to learn how to not be racist" and find others. 
37	adjudicated	1	First drafts are always bad, and sucky, don't describe the situations well and are shorter with the hard parts being somehow incomplete (unless you're a god of literature themselves). That's why I admire people who write their multi chapter works while posting it. I personally need to reread my fic several times, add the missing pieces and rewrite some of it before posting.Also, personally, I love writing scenes out of order! Sometimes an idea pops up in my head, but it would take x amount of words before I could implement it into my work, so instead I'll write it right away and then insert it into my wokr when the time comes. That way I write the complicated scenes when the inspiration hits, and other, lighter, easier scenes when it doesn't.
38	adjudicated	1	Silly truelit users…me dont use punctuation
39	adjudicated	3	Erik Larson imbues the incredible events surrounding the 1893 Chicago World's Fair with such drama that readers may find themselves checking the book's categorization to be sure that 'The Devil in the White City' is not, in fact, a highly imaginative novel.
40	adjudicated	2	Imagine being D and reading AFFC and ADWD, thinking you have to adapt those books and conclude their plot lines when George couldn’t do it himself in over a decade.
41	adjudicated	1	Anabasis is the most famous work of the Ancient Greek professional soldier and writer Xenophon. It narrates the expedition of a large army of Greek mercenaries hired by Cyrus the Younger to help him seize the throne of Persia from his brother, Artaxerxes II, in 401 BC. The seven books making up the Anabasis were composed circa 370 BC. Though as an Ancient Greek vocabulary word, ᾰ̓νᾰ́βᾰσῐς means "embarkation",  "ascent" or "mounting up", the title Anabasis is rendered in translation as The March Up Country or as The March of the Ten Thousand.
42	adjudicated	1	At the end of *The Frontiers of Love*, and I'm not sure how I feel about it. There are some bits about mixed-Chinese identity that are written really well and seem fairly profound, but then there are lots of unnecessary details and some sloppily written segments. The pacing is all over the place, too, and I'm not really sure what the point of the novel is where I'm at, even though it's almost over. I'll chalk it up to it being Chang's first novel, and published in the '50s on a small press with probably minimal editing.
43	adjudicated	2	Ah male yanderes. You've come to the right neighborhood. *Cracks knuckles*So first thing that came to mind was Wu Chang Jie. It's a serious, long and heavy novel more similar to 2HA really but it still fits your bill. [link]If you're looking for something a bit more comedic and shorter (but still with a deliciously dark yandere ML) I highly recommend:[link]
44	adjudicated	1	The one with the book glances to you, then asks if your ok.
45	adjudicated	1	It's definitely green which is interesting because I'm assuming Gemma got it for him (since she taught Russian literature) and the candle she made was also green and red.
46	adjudicated	3	Want to add more weight on watching The Expanse. It is a great serial with realistic science, great characters, great writing, action, drama, political intrigue, a few laughs, and a satisfying but open-ended finale. The show is based on a novel series and the show covers the first 6 books if memory serves.
47	adjudicated	3	I don't finish everything I read, and my ambition often gets ahead of my capacity. And I have lots of free time at the moment. Still, reading one book of about 200 pages a week isn't too difficult if you can afford to set aside at least two hours a day. Honestly, the hardest part is everything else.My generic advice for reading is:1. Some people only need to read one or two good books before they become a real human being, and the first task is to find those books.2. At least 20 pages a day for an hour a day is a realistic goal- I try for at least 40-60, but that's because I have lots of free time. As long as you're consistent, you're doing it right. Books are the most highly condensed form of experience, and even if you finish your preferred time in months, you're getting plenty. But the backlog never moves without consistency.3. You can't possibly read well if you're disorganized for the rest of your day. Diet, moderate exercise, good sleeping habits, organizing your time, not frittering away your soul on unnecessary or harmful attachments, these are the hard things. "Know thyself" really is the first axiom of wisdom, and the reading of many books is about nothing if not wisdom- many people of great ambitions do not read nearly as consistently, and they get along just fine.
48	adjudicated	1	I think you might have been misinformed as chemistry and physics are not liberal arts degrees. A liberal arts degree includes the study of history, literature, writing, philosophy, sociology, psychology, creative arts and more.  Also, I got the posters mixed up! My bad dude!!
49	adjudicated	4	This dark magic puts them at the heart of a battle of good versus evil and a fight for the soul of the family—and perhaps for all of the world. But the Graves family has a secret weapon in this battle: their love for one another.
50	adjudicated	3	 I'd argue that the Storyline itself is irrelevant for many of us. Just having the world to experience is what I'm desperate for. As well, if there is any reasonable amount of in-game lore to read/view, like books, notes, letters in Skyrim that build lore stories and further grow character development is enough for many gamers. Just imagine being able to go to school at Howgarts, attend classes, level your skills, experience the seasons, secrets, games, pranks, portraits, etc of the school would be an experience in and of itself. A story, good or bad is the cherry on top of a bakery masterpiece.
51	adjudicated	2	Inflicted her narcissistic narrative, verbal abuse, humiliation. I’m convinced it’s the basis for my health problems today and major depression/anxiety. There’s literature to support my beliefs.
52	adjudicated	3	An ordinary family man, geologist, and Mormon, Soren Johansson has always believed he’ll be reunited with his loved ones after death in an eternal hereafter. Then, he dies. Soren wakes to find himself cast by a God he has never heard of into a Hell whose dimensions he can barely grasp: a vast library he can only escape from by finding the book that contains the story of his life.
53	adjudicated	1	Nah there wasn't.The boss health bar wasn't there either.Normally they would attack with the books and stuff.I actually beat her right afterwards, just re-loaded the game and everything was fine.
54	adjudicated	2	I did mean law review. That's who publishes the bluebook btw, the law reviews of a few major universities. Idk where you get the confidence to correct someone when you literally know nothing about the subject, but maybe just google it first?I did google it first -- did you not see the hyperlink? It seemed to me that "cite-checking" (which I understood to mean "making sure your citations were formatted correctly") would only be a small part of writing scholarly legal articles compared to, say, actually understanding the issues and synthesizing commentary about it, and thus "spending all [your] hours" doing such a comparatively menial part of the work must mean you were talking about something a paralegal or junior associate or whatever would do. 
55	adjudicated	2	I'm reading you right- that you have been literally screamed at multiple times in a group graduate school settingOutside this setting too, but yeah issues such as societal sexism are not in fact making the statements about white men that you feel targeted by.In principle I know this to be true, but I've had too many people tell me, unprompted that "I'm part of the problem" and "yes all men" to think that that's what those movements are about in practice. I'm not really a part of "society" and so I don't really have input one way or the other about discussions of sexism writ large. The default response is to snarl a lie at me when I try to enter a discussion and so I don't participate. This still gets me yelled at, of course, but it's less intense.I believe much therapy focuses too much on doing this at the wrong time and discussing it with the patient before they're ready, that sounds like the problem you're encountering, It's not an issue with me being "ready". People come up to me and demand to have conversations about identity politics. I agree with what they say verbatim, and then they, seemingly angry about not having a villain to beat up, yell at me louder. On therapy: the therapeutic solutions to my issues were to teach me how to stand up for myself, have boundaries, etc... which I was able to learn rapidly from self-help books. Therapists were literally silent on me when I brought up my trauma, with the only exception being a white-male southerner who was a conservative christian and understood this trend. He helped me greatly, but at that time I had already fixed most of my problems myself. He was the only one to respond to me when I talked to him. In other words, the medical system writ-large ignored the obvious for over half a decade with the only reasonable explanation being that it was because of my skin-color/gender and a bias against that. 
56	adjudicated	3	A dramatically new understanding of human history, challenging our most fundamental assumptions about social evolution, from the development of agriculture and cities to the origins of the state, democracy, and inequality, and revealing new possibilities for human emancipation.
57	adjudicated	1	Yeah but we moved on to talk about bookies odds. Do you think bookies clean sheet odds give a fair view on which teams are most likely to keep a clean sheet?
58	adjudicated	2	I am interested in what happens with Benedict and Sophie in the book.
59	adjudicated	3	They’ll be in r/truelit in no time.
60	adjudicated	2	In class it was hard at first. Sitting in a front row, at the side, no other students next to me, always writing everything down. That helped.I really couldn't make summaries from books in college. So I got them from other students and bought them online. Ive read those and made all kinds of diagrams, cause and effect schemes etc. Summaries were short enough to keep me focused, I could immediately transfer the new information into something understandable and save that in a map on my laptop.This is because I'm really imaginative so I can/need to  see some sort of picture with not too many words. In that way I could memorize from 3 sheets of paper more information then my classmates from piles of summaries. If I know the red line in a story (that's the difficult one to get) then I know the details. 
61	adjudicated	2	The first step, as others have mentioned, is you have to read the Bible itself. The reason for this is that Revelation's imagery is steeped in biblical literature at a very deep level. Reading Revelation without reading the Bible would be like trying to appreciate a modern composition that is comprised of variations on classical compositions, without ever having heard those compositions. The inside jokes, the veiled allusions, the word-play... you will miss all of that subtlety and nuance because you skipped the back story and just jumped into the story in the middle. Revelation is certainly a vivid and attention-grabbing book. It's pretty much impossible to read that book and not get a sense of its gravity and sweep. But to truly appreciate it, you'll want to get the whole backstory.
62	adjudicated	1	What the hell is this sub? I had never heard of it and I clicked on [outside link] holy hell I couldn’t even parody this guy
63	adjudicated	1	I recommend giving this book a read for your question 😊 it’s an easy read
64	adjudicated	3	Inspiring and revelatory, filled with lively anecdotes and moving stories, Factfulness is an urgent and essential book that will change the way you see the world and empower you to respond to the crises and opportunities of the future.
65	adjudicated	1	Memorable quotes...and more
66	adjudicated	3	/r/truelit is another one. There are also a handful of subs dedicated to specific authors. As a rule I dislike major subreddits because they are poorly suited for any kind of nuanced discussion and devolve into the least common denominator of opinion. The good thing is most major subreddits have smaller counterparts that have much better discussions. 
67	adjudicated	2	This book is very divisive it seems. People either loved it or hated it. I'm a 37 year old male, and I went into it not knowing what it was about other than it was recommended a lot and that its a bit of a thriller. I was not expecting it to be a romance novel basically. That said, I did enjoy it, and I actually like the ending. I don't have any plans to read any of her other books though.
68	adjudicated	1	The advice I received (which I post here often) is that your PhD may be a miserable experience. You may suffer greatly and graduate without any hope of a job, no matter what specific focus you end up with. That's the worst case scenario. Is it worth it to you? Do you love English literature so much that you would be willing to risk getting stuck in that position? My research was worth it to me, so I went. Up to you.
69	adjudicated	3	You’ve mischaracterized the discourse on this issue. While intentions matter, they don’t define what makes something anti-Semitic, and people who have looked into this quite a bit deeper than your characterization have explained that anti-Semitic associations with goblins predate her work by quite a bit and she may very well have been oblivious to what she had absorbed from her own culture. The question is not whether *she* is anti-Semitic but whether those characters are, and her intentions are irrelevant. Otherwise, we’d have to judge all literature by the author’s knowledge and intentions frozen in time, and you could just as easily dismiss newer criticism of *To Kill a Mockingbird* based on the author’s intent.
70	adjudicated	2	If you don’t get a job in a museum or gallery then you can become a literature teacher
71	adjudicated	1	I agree it’s kinda dumb to just throw books away, but we also need to stop treating all books like they’re holy manuscripts with a higher purpose.Not every book is Shakespeare - anybody and anything can get easily published and there’s A LOT of garbage literature out there.Another argument is that throwing books away is a waste of paper, but we wipe out asses with toilet paper every day and nobody bats an eye.
72	adjudicated	2	I mean their adaptions of AFFC and ADWD diverged fairly heavily from the source material even before they ran out of books.
73	adjudicated	2	Howdy captain Howdy,This is to solicit mod + community interest in aping another, un-"true", sub.  In r/bookclub there is an institution called "evergreen read", where anyone can declare and schedule a group read of a previously selected book at any time, without a vote or mod involvement. I instituted that institution when I was the active mod and still think it was a good idea.  And I think it is an even better idea here for the reasons set forth below.1. Works of permanent literary merit are of long term interest.2. Rereading is better than reading; true reading is rereading.3. By group reading (what Schiller called "gruppeweiderlesen") the tar out of a haphazardly selected subset of works of permanent merit, the truelit community will establish and nourish a growing shared reference.4. Subscribers come and go, our availability is now and then.  According to M. E., many current subscribers passionately resent having not been current subscribers when The Passion According to W.H. was groupread.5. An evergreen reread can be specialized: The organizer can announce: "this will focus on the last quarter of the book with reference to such-and-so an article in jstor".  Or: "this is specifically about common themes in The Passion and The Waves."  This can establish a venue for discussions that would be off puttingly specialized in a normal first read thru.6. I have the best words.7. Someone suggested reading Finnegans Wake.  There is no way to read it except repeatedly with people you've read it with before.
74	adjudicated	2	I’m a 9w1 so/sx. Reading this post and imagining myself as this guy makes me very uncomfortable, tbh. A few things:-I don’t think this insecurity stems from his 9w1 nature, but from his trauma. The thought of putting my partner in a situation where they have to declare/demonstrate/prove that I’m number 1, down to not wanting her to have a best friend makes my skin crawl. There’s nothing peacemaking or harmony-fostering about that. Kind of the opposite, tbh. Anyway, 9s have all sorts of unhealthy behaviors, but this situation makes me very uncomfortable in my core where all of my 9 weaknesses are. Your friend needs to read some literature on relationship dynamics, emotional control, and recovering from trauma/abandonment. If he’s not had counseling related to history/fears of abandonment, highly recommend. We all have our baggage to bear and our feelings are our feelings. But the way we express those feelings or try to shape the behaviors of others is 100% on us. And this is not cool, imo from my peacemaking, harmony-seeking 9w1 self.
75	adjudicated	3	This isn’t a theoretical difference; it’s the conditions of identifying as a “conservative.”
76	adjudicated	1	hah, I'll very respectfully disagree. Just a few months into his rookie year turned my contrarian ass from a legit hater to a full convert.  Btw, I looked at your reddit history, just to make sure I wasn't writing all this up talking to a nutter, but damn, I agree with a lot of your recent posts.  I'm gonna have to check out truelit.  cheers.
77	adjudicated	3	Multiple states have laws on the books stating that hotdogs are sandwiches. Here’s an example:[links]
78	adjudicated	3	The latter is supposed to change soon... But our center party is doing everything they can to shit on the new trans law. It's been postponed already many times, first it was covid and then what not, excuses. Those centrist cunts do not want to support us at all. Seems that our left are the only ones who are really interested. I don't usually give a toss about politics, but on this one I will. Any vote goes to the left from now on as they have people who care about how I'm doing. The good thing here seems to be the people who work for the trans clinic, they seem actually interested and they know well how shitty our system is. I've had doctors and nurses make between the lines remarks about stuff and they're the ones who have expedited me and actually listened to me. The problem here seems to be the laws and the ancient framework the healthcare system is based upon. Heck, they're having stuff designed back in the 80's and 90's and early 2000's in use without much modernization... Ridiculous. And the people know it, but they still just keep on playing by the book as they're rule believer Finns.
79	adjudicated	3	*A Suitable Boy* by Vikram Seth is another book based in India that you can check out. You can also check out the works of Rabindranath Tagore, the only Indian winner of the Nobel prize in literature.Rudyard Kilping's books are set in India, if you can see past the bias towards colonialism.Can you also tell me if there are any online Indian literature communities like we have r/truelit.There is /r/indianbooks , I am not sure how 'literary' that is though.
80	adjudicated	2	I used to work for a page layout company that did work for Pearson. One book had “alcohol and other drugs” changed to “AOD” throughout. It was the only change. New edition. Another book was a popular literature anthology. They slid in a new story at slot #2 which meant updated page numbering, TOC, index but nothing else was changed. New edition. Sometimes the new editions would simply swap out a single question at the end of the chapters. If you used an old book, guaranteed to get at least 1 out of 5 wrong every time.I left and found a new job after Pearson asked for a 30% reduction in prices two years in a row because it could be done cheaper in India. It just wasn’t sustainable and my old workplace went out of business a couple years after I left. Pretty sure most of the page layout is done in India now except for complex books like human anatomy and a few others. I know people who still do some scientific illustrations for Pearson but they only do a handful of books now.
81	adjudicated	2	5k working non-profit researcher specializing in the EDI (equity, diversity, and inclusion) space. I have a History English Literature undergraduate degree.
82	adjudicated	3	It's a condition known in the medical literature as CRI, or Cranial Rectal Impaction. It can be treated by a procedure known as a *dictatorectomy*, perfected by French physicians in the late 1700's.
83	adjudicated	1	To be fair, you have to have a very high IQ to understand anarchism. The ideology is extremely subtle, and without a solid grasp of political theory most of the jokes will go over a typical liberal's head. There's also Bakunin's antisemitic outlook, which is deftly woven into his characterisation - his personal philosophy draws heavily from William Godwin literature, for instance. Anarchists understand this stuff; they have the intellectual capacity to truly appreciate the depths of this ideology, to realize that they're not just funny- they say something deep about SOCIETY. As a consequence people who dislike anarchism truly ARE idiots- of course they wouldn't appreciate, for instance, the humour in Noam Chomsky's support of the Khmer Rouge, which itself is a cryptic reference to Stirner's The Ego and Its Own. I'm smirking right now just imagining one of those addlepated simpletons scratching their heads in confusion as Chomsky's genius unfolds itself on their television screens. What fools... how I pity them. And yes by the way, I DO have a Nestor Makhno tattoo. And no, you cannot see it. It's for the ladies' eyes only- And even they have to demonstrate that they're within 5 IQ points of my own (preferably lower) beforehand.
84	adjudicated	1	Thank you so much for letting me know about this subreddit! Subscribed! I agree!
85	adjudicated	1	This is the  one I have waited to read by R Lee Smith. I read some of her stuff years ago and wrote reviews on Goodreads and seriously after every one of her books 1- whoa 2- book hangover for weeks 3- will I ever be the same human again lolol 😂She's immersive and crazy AF crack author. Very distinctive and amazing for anyone looking for an experience off the beaten path. She's like the most scary and exhilarating roller coaster of fiction that I've discovered and I'm a life long perpetual reader!
86	adjudicated	1	I still did a lot of Christian stuff after I stopped being Christian to keep up my spirituality. It was very helpful! The Bible is very interesting both spiritually and in literature. But,,,, I recommend devotionals. If you're looking for practical spiritual advice, it's a curated daily engagement. I found it really useful
87	adjudicated	2	I throw a shoe to my literature teacher’s head when I was in 6th grade
88	adjudicated	3	I think like with anything there’s good and bad. The issue is there’s maybe 70-80% bad books out there peddling not just shitty ideas, but sometimes dangerous ones. Anyone who reads these types of books go through a journey where they may discover better and better books. If you want a life hack I’d say the best starting point to void the fluff is to go read some of the classics like Meditations by Marcus Aurelius and a few other stoic classics. You’ll realise that most modern self help is a rehash of these classics. There’s still a few other great ones out there though - I find GoodReads helps weed out a few
89	adjudicated	1	I find the Kings Speech miles better than the Social Network. That director can't make a movie without hamfisting the point down your throat.
90	adjudicated	2	I think if you want an undergrad where you write a lot you should just study English literature.
91	adjudicated	1	Look for a self-pub book with a Latina/Latino author for Bingo purposes. I NEED to have fewer than 50 ratings on Goodreads, as I'm doing hard mode. Anyone got any recommendations?
92	adjudicated	2	truelit  is a place where people would rather discuss the latest nontroversy in the literary world while ignoring all worthwhile posts or even acknowledge anything else exists but hot takes 
93	adjudicated	3	Picking effects from a list with the option to avoid bad outcomes is an option worth considering. It has some different consequences. Suppose that the purpose of the rewrite is the same, i.e. the new set of spells should condense the old ones into fewer more broadly applicable options. The list of effects for each spell thus will need to carry multiple effects. A roll could determine how many options you get to pick from the list, a better roll (and high skill improves the chance of a good roll) allows for more choices. 
94	adjudicated	2	I recently purchased an [outside link] after humming and hawing over reviews, youtube tech videos, and posts on reddit for over a month. There is much ado going around regarding panel types in the monitor space, but I decided to save a couple hundred bucks, as well as deeper blacks, I am glad with the monitor so far. It's such a joy to use a huge screen, at over an arms length away from my face, that I don't think I can ever go back to a smaller monitor ever again. It's so nice for studying Python with a split screen on the course material. I'm focusing on Python for another week and then I'll be done with the course and I'll have some time to swing back into working on blender and improving my sculpting, and I can hardly believe that I could have ever put up with a small laptop screen to do 3d work before. And gaming is glorious as well.I also got Cyberpunk 2077 on discount after hearing that it's been patched with a major update. I honestly love it and am enjoying it more than Witcher 3 in some ways. The game world is just so incredible, a great story, too. Lots of fun to play. I was hesitant to buy it really based on the overall negativity on reddit about it being an absolute travesty or whatever. It really feels like you are playing something in between a William Gibson book and Transmetropolitan. Really, it's one of the better games that I've played in a few years and I hope CD Project Red doesn't listen too closely to the haters. I feel they should definitely continue the series with sequels and DLC. I've made [outside link] and I found them super tasty. I've been playing with the general idea of massive amounts of crushed garlic in a butter sauce by tweaking the recipe today with chopped jalapenos, Chinese shallot sauce, soy sauce, Kirkland no-salt seasoning and man this was super delicious with broccoli and sliced beef which I boiled together with the noodles. I'm actively staying away from Reddit a bit lately. My friends and I have been chatting about the online space becoming too repugnant to bear and many of the voices on reddit are not coming from a healthy and adjusted place. TrueLit is wonderful though, but I can't help but feel a dark emanation creeping throughout reddit and limiting time here is probably a good idea for all of us.
95	adjudicated	1	for some reason book places online cater exclusively to fiction readers, even truelit is like 99.999% fiction! If you're into reading history you're better off going on r/askhistorians and engaging with their discussion threads than you are going to book subreddits. Hell aaarrrbooks is actively hostile to non-fiction readers half the time LOL 
96	adjudicated	2	Sir, round here we don’t approve of “spread betting” this ain’t the bookies.
97	adjudicated	3	Nearing the end of *Dune*, which I picked up after falling in love with the recent adaptation. Probably not exactly TrueLit worthy, but I'm certainly enjoying it nonetheless. Something that's really taken me by surprise in the novel is Herbet's commentaries on gender. While there's a consistent undertone of 60s branded misogyny, I also think that a lot of Herbert's ideas are surprisingly modern--specifically in regards to the Kwisatz Hederach. Minor spoilers for Dune ahead. What I find really interesting, however, is that the movie didn't seem to run with any of these ideas at all.  The specific exclusion of any mentat stuff in the first part makes me think that they're actually going to avoid it all together, which seems odd given how relevant gender discussions are for a lot of people nowadays. Maybe I'm wrong and the second part will dip into that. Maybe I'm wrong because the book completely goes against everything I've said in the last 100 pages or in the sequels. I can't help but think that the film's executives scrapped these themes in fear of backlash against perceived wokeness or whatever, but that probably just means that I need to take a long break from the internet.
98	adjudicated	3	Immanuel Velikovsky was a Russian, Israeli, and American scholar. He is the author of several books offering pseudo historical interpretations of ancient history, including the U.S. bestseller Worlds in Collision published in 1950. Earlier, he had played a role in the founding of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem in Israel, and was a psychiatrist and psychoanalyst. Velikovsky's work is frequently cited as a canonical example of pseudoscience and has been used as an example of the demarcation problem.
99	adjudicated	1	Doesn’t it suck when life has actually just been pay to win the entire timeIt’s just awful. Sometimes I’m in the car and look out at all the houses and cars, and think, all of those people have dreams. All of those individual people have a whole ass novel of a story. If you just presented it well, they’d all be compelling and engaging stories. This kind of thing reminds me of that. There’s people trying so unimaginably hard, getting let down, their dreams crushed. Every single person deserves a fulfilling life and yet, it seems like the best way to get that is just to get lucky with a wealthy family.I feel for you. In a lot of ways I’m that rich nice person that doesn’t understand the privilege they have. I try to understand what privileges people do not have, but do I really know the full scope of my own privilege? Probably not, and maybe I never will. Plot armor, good luck and godspeed OP.
100	adjudicated	2	[link]It's so obvious you're not educated, it hurts.
101	adjudicated	2	There is an entire AA service manual as well as a number of other documents.  For positions I've held, I've relied on AA literature as well as the wisdom of others to learn the job.  For example, for a Literature Chair, I'd probably look  on the AA website, or google "aa literature chair duties".  To track down someone that does that position in another district, I'd contact another district.  Back to my question, have you done the steps with your sponsor?
102	adjudicated	1	Fantasy scout = bookies = to obvious stats. I keep repeating they're the same thing, but can't argue with you anymore, it's like talking to an infant.Just move on clown.
103	adjudicated	1	you're kind of in a weird place because you're reading above the reading level of a lot of this reddit but not quite ready to disappear  up your ass in pretentiousness, so i get it. lmao
104	adjudicated	1	Claiming "Million More Moments", "Entrapped", and "Open Book I Am" - the former two with potential as solid song premises in their own right. "Uncrack Your Ventricles in Return" is so wonderfully random, while "All of Your Organs" and "Feet Off Me" could be great titles for Halloween or horror-themed songs. @ ArianaGrande I know you would love to make a spooky EP someday - and we're all for it!
105	adjudicated	3	It was a finalist for the National Book Award for Fiction.  So at least somewhat literary.  I'm not familiar with her other novels or essays so can't say if she's considered truelit material.
106	adjudicated	2	What are some good literature podcasts that TrueLit users listen to? I like The History of Literature pretty well and Oxford University has some nice lecture series about different authors, but I have to drive an hour every morning so I'm in need of more material.
107	adjudicated	3	I think you'd be better off asking this question in either r/AskLiteraryStudies or r/TrueLit .
108	adjudicated	1	We speak in English and Armenian (2 different dialects) at home. Alternate as seems natural. Read books to him in both languages. Have letter blocks with both languages. Grandparents tend to speak in armenian with him (2 different dialects). They absorb like crazy when they’re young. Some of my friends are strict and only speak in Armenian at home but honestly my language skills aren’t THAT great. Easier with the baby but not about current events etc with adults.
109	adjudicated	1	Yes, absolutely! I myself have much to say as to how deep that runs. It's everywhere in Japanese culture of all kinds: literature, philosophy, anime, manga, video games. This is especially resonant today, and is something that deeply fascinates me.
110	adjudicated	3	Jill Taylor was a 37-year-old Harvard-trained brain scientist when a blood vessel exploded in her brain. Through the eyes of a curious scientist, she watched her mind deteriorate whereby she could not walk, talk, read, write, or recall any of her life. Because of her understanding of the brain, her respect for the cells in her body, and an amazing mother, Jill completely recovered. In My Stroke of Insight, the author shares her recommendations for recovery and the insight she gained into the unique functions of the two halves of her brain. When she lost the skills of her left brain, her consciousness shifted away from normal reality where she felt "at one with the universe." Taylor helps others not only rebuild their brains from trauma, but helps those of us with normal brains better understand how we can consciously influence the neural circuitry underlying what we think, how we feel and how we react to life's circumstances.
111	adjudicated	1	You are a survivor. And it sounds like you’ve had to go this road alone for a very long time. Your growth in education shows not only are you smart but sales is a combination of people skills drive. Those skills are hefty like a college degree. Before Covid, you were moving in the right direction…away from your past and towards a better unknown present future. Covid shifted many things but you still have your compass know what direction you want to be headed in. Right?I grew up in a challenging situation,1hat not to be! From that point on, any opportunity in friendship, experience, adventure that was very different then my up bringing I gravitated toward. I wanted to learn from the kindest of people who had healthy self esteem. Books! The best books to expand my knowledge in mental health, finding peace within, and being better. Anything I could try and help out with or contribute my time too with really awesome projects, motivated me on a course I never knew existed but knew I wanted more of. And anytime I could join in any type of adventure just helped solidify the healthy path I was on. 
112	adjudicated	1	🤬🤬🤬🤬It would be a really bad movie if it wasn't reality.
113	adjudicated	3	Your arguments are weak. There’s barely a difference in data. It’s not severe at all, and we live among dogs, and they don’t. The percentage is negligible when context is considered. Again, you, of all issues in Turkey, leaning on this particular “issue” shows your position on the pyramid. You just want to bully the weak, just like how your leaders bullied you. There’s no one beneath you though, so now it's the dogs. 
114	adjudicated	3	Bloom's taxonomy is a way of distinguishing the fundamental questions within the education system. It is named after [Benjamin Bloom][link], who chaired the committee of educators that devised the taxonomy. He also edited the first volume of the standard text, *Taxonomy of Educational Objectives: The Classification of Educational Goals*. Bloom's taxonomy refers to a classification of the different objectives that [educators][link] set for students (learning objectives). It divides educational objectives into three "domains": [cognitive][link], [affective][link], and [psychomotor][link] (sometimes loosely described as "knowing/head", "feeling/heart" and "doing/hands" respectively). Within the domains, learning at the higher levels is dependent on having attained prerequisite knowledge and skills at lower levels.  A goal of Bloom's taxonomy is to motivate educators to focus on all three domains, creating a more [holistic][link] form of education. Bloom's taxonomy is considered to be a foundational and essential element within the education community.  A mythology has grown around the taxonomy, possibly due to many people learning about the taxonomy through second hand information. Bloom himself considered the Handbook "one of the most widely cited yet least read books in American education". 
115	adjudicated	1	Again idk if and/or how I disagree with medical experts (as if there’s a unanimous opinion among medical experts)How I came to this? One part experience and three parts biology. Surely I don’t need to pull up the evidence that teens have undeveloped brains and less regulated hormones. Beyond biological, there’s a ton of psychological literature on adolescence. I mean are you challenging that teens are not impulsive, impressionable, and prone to do things they regret? (More than the adult versions of themselves)
116	adjudicated	3	As comedian Louis C.K. put it, “Everything’s amazing, but nobody’s happy.” Even for the most fortunate among us, material abundance comes at a very high price. Facebook is a hollow replacement for face time. We produce more food than ever, but hunger and malnutrition are standard in most of the world while the rest of us stuff ourselves quite literally to death. Despair darkens ever more lives as rates of clinical depression and suicide continue their grim climb in the developed world. A third of all American children are obese or seriously overweight, and fifty four million of us are pre-diabetic. Preschoolers represent the fastest-growing market for antidepressants, while the rate of increase of depression among children is over twenty percent, according to a recent Harvard study. Twenty four million American adults are thought to suffer from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder—mostly attributable to the never-ending wars that have become part of modern life for the swelling underclass with few other employment opportunities.
117	adjudicated	2	If this is true, I will be really upset for several reasons: 1- it is the opposite of what occurred in the books as Kate asked for them to wait on their wedding night but then from Anthony’s insistence changed her mind, 2- if everyone has been going on about the bond btw the sisters and how protective Kate is of Edwina, what kind of sister sleeps with her sisters fiancé especially during that time period where she could be pregnant after they slept together and 3- why is it yet again the writers are making another character of color be the ones having sex outside of marriage. First Marina and now Kate. Meanwhile Daphne was the picture of “innocence” on her wedding day. I cannot.
118	adjudicated	1	You can’t just bill something as a fantasy because you want to stop thinking critically, its 100% a cop out.
119	adjudicated	2	If you're old enough to use Goodreads and/or Reddit, you're too old for all these books.
120	adjudicated	1	Oh wow, he does have a lot of books! I’ll see which ones my library carries and go from there. Thank you!
121	adjudicated	1	It seems to me that your dog "devours literature" lolokok ill see myself out :)
122	adjudicated	2	The only book you'll ever need
123	adjudicated	1	We can tell you the chances of her being pregnant.You don’t have to get back with her, you can co-parent positively and I would advise to buy books on it to help.
124	adjudicated	3	The best post on truefilm or truelit is always what you watched or read this month. You can skim it for recommendations or have happy discussions on favorites.
125	adjudicated	1	Not everything that is ever written or read has to be great literature, ffs. Breathtakingly wonderful writing, but so does quick fun escapism. Your taste in books is your own and no one needs or wants their choices policed by some pretentious bag of dicks on the internet. Get over yourself.
126	adjudicated	1	God this sounds just like one of the lines in his movies. Which movie was it? 7lbs? ....errr I am Legend? It's right on the tip of my tongue. 
127	adjudicated	2	Your second tab in card catalog is called books. When you complete a set there you get permanent stats. You should expand your card catalog and use them all if you pve a lot.
128	adjudicated	1	Damn it! You've got me looking up clips of that movie on youtube. LOL
129	adjudicated	1	Man, from a pandemic to a war to a slap fight at the Oscars.
130	adjudicated	4	The plan works like a charm—at first. But amid the glittering, gossipy, cut-throat world of London’s elite, there is only one certainty: love ignores every rule
131	adjudicated	2	I read them extensively for a wihle. Still read one sometimes.They can be useful for introducing you to certain concepts. These books basically take philosophy and psychology, and give them out in chunks that you can theoretically apply to your perosnal life.No self help book will change your life. But they can give you some insight on how to think about your life. There are problems in the genre. Some of the very well-known self-help books are trash. And many of them are full of advice that sounds reasonable, but can't really be applied. And most of them repeat themselves a lot and could have been much shorter.
132	adjudicated	3	I appreciate what you're saying, but I think you may be misinterpreting my hypothesisI don't think so. Elaboration follows:If you see a cluster that is the same size as a single colony, but shaped non-circularly, do you count that as one colony or multiple?  So this example is from a streak plate not a spread plate, but it should be sufficient.[link]Starting from the bottom of the plate and traversing counter clockwise, the colonies go from well isolated to increasing density or clustering. These colonies, regardless of clustering, all exhibit a similar colony morphology which we'll call circular. Now on a spread plate, if I detected one or more colonies that did not have a circular morphology, I would suspect I did not have a pure culture and start over.Now, the FDA BAM APC is for liquid dilutions that were not applied by a L shaped spreader, but I would argue are still appropriate here. So if the plate is full of clumps, it doesn't get counted. If there are a small number, say one or two clumps, each distinct clump is counted as a single colony. Moreover, how much does this affect the total plate count? How much could this effect the accuracy of the final result?You will likely be underestimating. I can't go into the details and calculations as I'm just a misplaced geologist. Perhaps the following will help:[link]That's a root question of my research or the extension of my hypothesis, if you will. None of the above sources cite variation of how people count based upon empirical evidence regarding differences in how lab techs classify and analyze these clusters.Barbosa 1995: [link]If you can't get a copy of that paper, PM me and I'll send you a PDF.The following two papers you're on your own to locate: To close this out: [link]I realize you haven't actually written the proposed paper yet, but you seem to be largely ignorant of the subject which you are pursuing. I'm not an expert on the subject, I just like to argue, and I'm looking for more productive outlets.  
133	adjudicated	3	So in ace circles, we discuss our feelings about sex as part of a spectrum just like level of attraction or libido can be a spectrum.It doesn't sound like you're ace if you get aroused looking at women. But there is the sex-favorable to sex-repulsed scale and you might be somewhere on that. Sex-favorable: find having sex (or the idea of such) to be pleasurable and desirable Sex-indifferent: you might be willing to have sex for a partner, but it's probably not something you'd seek out on your own Sex-averse: you don't mind if a sex scene comes up in a movie or book, might seek out porn or smut for fantasy reasons, but the idea of engaging in partnered sex is distasteful to repulsiveSex-repulsed: you don't want to hear about sex, don't want to see it, don't want anything to do with it.The lines between these categories are blurry and others may disagree with my definitions in the particulars. The thing with this scale, is it's more mutable than most others. You can be repulsed today and favorable tomorrow. It sounds like you trend towards the "nope" side of the scale, with exceptions to the favorable side.End of the day, it doesn't matter. It could be just nerves, but many allos don't get quite the level of trepidation you seem to feel. The "I won't die a virgin" trope where a character is facing certain death so sleeps with the first person who seems receptive is a trope for a reason. But then, it also depends on how you were raised. A highly-religious, sex negative upbringing will make any thoughts about sex feel incredibly gross and wrong.Regardless of where you fall, if you relate to the ace experiences, you'll be welcome here.
134	adjudicated	1	*Has anyone else read her?*Oh yes. I found Grass and The Marianne Trilogy in the library in the early '90s (I think you're a decade out with that publication date!) and never looked back; I think I've managed to get hold of everything she ever wrote, including the crime and horror novels she wrote under pseudonyms. Haven't quite got round to reading her final one yet, mind - I always do find it hard to read someone's last book ever.I don't understand why the market is as it is or what makes one author a household name while another gets forgotten, so I can't really comment on that, but she was one of my favourite authors, and I'm glad to have the opportunity to say so.
135	adjudicated	3	As far as contemporary women writers with a wonderful sense of place and use of time, I'm always going to recommend Daša Drndić. I've talked about her quite a bit on /r/TrueLit if you search around.
136	adjudicated	2	I think Jonathan Franzen is right, no good literature can be written on a computer
137	adjudicated	2	When Jonathan Davis or Marc Thompson read those books to me, I’m just immersed. They could pronounce it cardayayay and I would still believe it's right.
138	adjudicated	2	Do you like the book?
139	adjudicated	1	Goodness. Some not very helpful responses so far.HLM and father here. Firstly, congrats on maintaining (increasing?) your libido post-baby. I suspect you may be in the minority.Secondly, some guys are freaked out about the whole giving birth thingy. To me, there is NOTHING “beautiful” about childbirth. To see the person you love go through something so painful and fraught can be traumatizing, but I don’t want to make this about the M.Almost overnight, your whole life outlook is completely upended. All the books, forums, chats, pre-natal classes, etc. in the world in no way prepare you for when the little bundle is in your arms and it suddenly dawns on you. For me it was a mixture of “oh shit”, and unfathomable love.Furthermore, those breasts of yours - wait … what? Ohhhhh, so THAT’s what they’re really for.To say nothing of your vajijay. “You mean to tell me THIS (holds up 10lb baby) came out of THAT?”I sometimes think SO’s go through a form of grieving after childbirth. Give him time.Enjoy your new addition and congrats!
140	adjudicated	3	Millie has been an orphan ever since someone abandoned her as a baby. Moving from one foster home to another. But when her current foster father almost strikes her she runs away, seeks shelter in an abandoned building, is attacked by two men, and she turns into a monster to defend herself. She is then visited by two supernaturals and they whisk her off to Shifter Academy so she can learn how to use her newly discovered powers. But she is an anomaly. Instead of being one type of supernatural she is a combination of all five. But as she settles into her new life and gains friends and possible boyfriends, something isn’t right at the academy. A student disappears and twenty year old secret is revealed. Not Millie and her friends have to stop what is going on.
141	adjudicated	1	Atomic habits is the best book on habit forming imo.Also really like the 5 second rule and the compound effect
142	adjudicated	3	Drawing on path breaking research in archaeology and anthropology, the authors show how history becomes a far more interesting place once we learn to throw off our conceptual shackles and perceive what's really there. If humans did not spend 95 percent of their evolutionary past in tiny bands of hunter-gatherers, what were they doing all that time? If agriculture, and cities, did not mean a plunge into hierarchy and domination, then what kinds of social and economic organization did they lead to2? The answers are often unexpected, and suggest that the course of human history may be less set in stone, and more full of playful, hopeful possibilities, than we tend to assume.
143	adjudicated	2	It would be a predictable upset. But you'd never know from looking at the bookies.
144	adjudicated	1	"Hey hun, I am sure you are being bombarded with requests and trying to filter out the creeps to find honest SDs who are actually interested in meeting a long term SB SD arrangement. I would love to grab a drink or a coffee to see if we match or connect. We can talk details but ideally I would like a FWB NSA girlfriend in [adjacent city] that we both are excited to see one another and have a blast. Nice dinners. Intimacy with smiles and giggles. And deep conversations about anything from talking about your future to chats about money. Give me a shot and let’s try to do something when I am in [adjacent city] on travel."
145	adjudicated	2	I think they try to keep them off the internet because you can buy them as [a book](https://www.amazon.com/dp/059315827X/ref=cm_sw_r_apan_glt_i_XX8E3XVGX934EWMFDDWN). It looks pretty nice and isn't that expensive.
146	adjudicated	1	Are you colorblind? Or in a young adult fiction novel?
147	adjudicated	1	Sure eventually destroying a multiverses. Is better than being several infinities stronger than destroying a 100 multiverses in a single attack. What are you smoking?Ye nice multiverses with no transcendence and just a bunch of planets not universes ;Lol, it just straight up doesn't.Proof? Scan?This is just blatantly wrong. (First of the three spoilers at the start go all possibilities literally everything else for showing they are not planet sized)
148	adjudicated	1	Oh thank you! I will check her out. And agreed—I'm really excited for the next book in this series by O'Roarke, I think it comes out in June :)
149	adjudicated	1	I can't say that yet, cause I'm only on the first book but I was thinking more of like an HBO format with 12 or 13 episodes a season, with the way the first book is going at such a fast pace, it could easily be told in that amount of episodes, but I like your idea too!
150	adjudicated	2	I'm tired of correcting this error on Numbers 5.Ah, we were awaiting you. What took so long?the punishment on the woman for adultery was sterility (or death, more accurately) of the adulteress not abortion.According to the Collegeville Bible Commentary[link]The curse itself is a euphemism for miscarriage or possible sterility. "Thigh" is often used to mean the sexual organs...If the woman has sinned by illicit intercourse, her punishment is the termination of the pregnancy or the inability to bear children.The context of her becoming pregnant later if she was innocent makes it extremely unlikely to mean that she already was.Nope. If her lady bits shrivel up and she experiences a miscarriage at the same time, it isn't unlikely that she would also be unable to bear children later. Also, "extremely unlikely" is *not* the same as "she absolutely wasn't." You're at least open to the possibility of the procedure being applied to a pregnant woman. 
151	adjudicated	4	kindoms will rise for her, but not if she can help  it
152	adjudicated	3	Using the latest genetic and anthropological data, the author demonstrates that although humankind's decision to control our supply is what propelled us into the modern world, it had many downsides that we're just now beginning to recognize.
153	adjudicated	3	In 'Destined to Witness', Hans Massaquoi has crafted a beautifully rendered memoir -- an astonishing true tale of how he came of age as a black child in Nazi Germany. The son of a prominent African and a German nurse, Hans remained behind with his mother when Hitler came to power, due to concerns about his fragile health, after his father returned to Liberia. Like other German boys, Hans went to school; like other German boys, he swiftly fell under the Führer's spell. So he was crushed to learn that, as a black child, he was ineligible for the Hitler Youth. His path to a secondary education and an eventual profession was blocked. He now lived in fear that, at any moment, he might hear the Gestapo banging on the door -- or Allied bombs falling on his home.
154	adjudicated	3	r/truelit triggered by this article
155	adjudicated	2	I noticed other posters in /r/truelit were posting here, which is how I found this place. You guys have better taste in film than average (just starting to 'get into' film), and I like how this place is more like an old forum, where you can chat about anything and everything. It's made me more 'online' than I used to be though - before discovering this sub, there's a good chance I would never have known who West Elm Caleb was, for instance. Don't really like that part of it.
156	adjudicated	1	Fun story: I decided to watch Panic Room for the first time about ten years ago, since it was on Netflix. I got about half way into the movie, thoroughly enjoyed it, but I worked the night shift and it was almost time to leave for work. So I packed up my laptop, went to work, and on break later that night, went to go finish the movie....Except it wasn't there. It wasn't on Netflix anymore. At all! Apparently the Netflix's license for the film had ended that night, and since I started watching before midnight and tried to resume after midnight, it was gone.
157	adjudicated	2	A People's History has been assigned as reading in many high schools and colleges across the United States. It has also resulted in a change in the focus of historical work, which now includes stories that previously were ignored
158	adjudicated	2	That legitimately sounds like a Vonnegut novel.
159	adjudicated	1	Not to be rude… but why in the world would Fox News—or any news outlet, for that matter—request an interview with r/TrueLit?Also, if this is going to turn into a political sub, kill me now.
160	adjudicated	1	And I said it's the same thing, bookies go with the obvious, same as football scout.Keep.up.
161	adjudicated	3	McGhee marshals economic and sociological research to paint a story of racism's costs, but at the heart of the book are the humble stories of people yearning to be part of a better America, including white supremacy's collateral victims: white people themselves. With startling empathy, this heartfelt message from a Black woman to a multiracial America leaves us with a new vision for a future in which we finally realize that life can be more than a zero-sum game.
162	adjudicated	1	What?! There is gonna be a second book after mutually beneficial?!?! I don’t see anything on good reads
163	adjudicated	1	Auto correct,  book not box
164	adjudicated	3	ou have four options:1. PYB: book with cash and offset the cost using Pay Yourself Back. This is the best option for cheap Y fares.2. Book through the Chase portal using UR. 3. Transfer to United: you don’t need a United card to this, you just need a United MileagePlus account (free). UR transfer at a 1:1 ratio.4. Transfer to a Star Alliance partner like Aeroplan. You’ll have to check all the Star Alliance programs UR transfer to for availability and pricing; awardhacker can give you a rough idea of the minimum pricing for each program.For #3 and #4 you should compare the number of miles required to the number of UR required for #1 or #2.
165	adjudicated	1	Looks interesting. Will definitely read it, I love it when books break my heart
166	adjudicated	1	Jurassic Park. Love the movies but would quite like to see a more faithful adaptation of the book by someone else. Not sure who though. 
167	adjudicated	3	For generations, our remote ancestors have been cast as primitive and childlike—either free and equal innocents, or thuggish and warlike. Civilization, we are told, could be achieved only by sacrificing those original freedoms or, alternatively, by taming our baser instincts. David Graeber and David Wengrow show how such theories first emerged in the eighteenth century as a conservative reaction to powerful critiques of European society posed by Indigenous observers and intellectuals. Revisiting this encounter has startling implications for how we make sense of human history today, including the origins of farming, property, cities, democracy, slavery, and civilization itself.
168	adjudicated	3	Gil is estranged from his aristocratic family, but when his mother enlists his help in freeing a cousin sold into slavery, Gil sets out to track her down. But it soon becomes apparent that more is at stake than the fate of one young woman. Grim sorceries are awakening in the land. Some speak in whispers of the return of the Aldrain, a race of widely feared, cruel yet beautiful demons. Now Gil and two old comrades are all that stand in the way of a prophecy whose fulfillment will drown an entire world in blood. But with heroes like these, the cure is likely to be worse than the disease.
169	adjudicated	3	My speculation (not fact):* Sony wants/wanted to use Holland in their Venomverse movies but due to whatever relationship they have with Disney, were not able to do so independently* Sony has not seriously considered bringing back Garfield. There may have been a suggestion thrown out in an email following NWHs success, but I sincerely doubt they ever intended the Venomverse to be the same universe as TASM from the start* Sony does not immediately intend to adapt any of the characters being used in Into the Spider-Verse until after those movies are completed. I wouldn't expect pre-production on a movie about any of them to start until 2024 at the earliest (meaning a possible 2026 release). I think this is especially true for Spider-Gwen who may be getting her own animated spin off.* I think Miles may be a point of contention between Disney and Sony and he won't be adapted until it is decided who will be the Spider-Man of the Venomverse.* I think a gulf is growing between what Sony wants to accomplish and the buy-in Disney is willing to have. I don't think Sony is going to abandon their plans so this leads to either a) Disney capitulating and Holland Spider-Man hopping back and forth between universes b) Sony casting (or a slim chance of bringing back Garfield) a new Spider-Man and having two sets of Spider-Man movies run in parallel or c) Sony recasts Spider-Man and ceases their relationship with Disney* I don't think Sony has decided the path forward yet. I don't think Morbius succeeding or failing will have an impact on the decision ultimately
170	adjudicated	1	Do you see the issue? This is 3 mana for 2 mana Eliminate, 1.5 mana for an effect between [[Miscast]] and Test of Fate, and a new mode that's extraordinarily narrow but probably around 2 mana if they made it a card.
171	adjudicated	2	You'll be on a VIP tour where you'll get to discover in depth about the author's inspiration to create this story as well as their personal journey to bring this book to the readers.
172	adjudicated	2	People who banned books NEVER cared about right or wrong to begin with. All that matters is the push to make  a lie the true, that is the bottom line nothing more.
173	adjudicated	2	Replying to the top comment as I dont think this is as clear to the OP as it should be: if he is going this far to convert as it's his duty as a Muslim it is very possible that he sees you as property and chattel, as women are considered in much of Islamic literature and scripture. Be very, very careful. In my area there have been a non-zero amount of honor killings. I live in a western country. It can happen to you.
174	adjudicated	1	For the first part, the problem is that we have to see where lies the definition of « trash ». Twilight and 50 Nuances are before everything story purely based on sexual fantasies they don’t pretend to be really above that, and when I can agree that 50 Nuances is really really bad, Twilight is not as trashy as some people make it to be, have a very interesting lore and interesting characters.
175	adjudicated	3	I don't think anybody's coopting anything. this is the elite. the bogus piety of truelit people is intolerable. even media types know that.writing is the only way out and it always has been. it's extremely difficult to write any book and virtually anyone who does should get respect -- exception for the mind-bending hypocrisy of the moralizing a stuff which is nothing but careerism
176	adjudicated	1	You are the biggest AH!  He is more than welcome to talk on the phone about anything he chooses. He was not speaking to you any longer about the movie. You were listening in on a conversation he was having with his friend.  Why do you sound like you are his mother and he is 12. You don't respect him, his ideas or his interests. I hope he leaves and finds someone who treats him with more respect!   I cannot express enough that YTA YTA YTA.
177	adjudicated	1	First try programing yourself. Practice. Get a book, watch YouTube videos, seek a mentor.  Join a group. See if you like it. See if it makes sense to you. See if you are good at it. Later, join a programing “boot camp.” The camp is about 4-6 months long with classes x3-4 a week. I did mine after my work day while I was in the army.  I missed some classes, but I always told the instructor ahead of time, and I had an agreement with the school about missed time before I signed and paid. Most people exiting seemed to get an entry job at around $75k. The top students, and the well connected students did much better.  You could also seek a change in your MOS. Age is not an issue in programing.  The issue is knowledge (or talent), logical thinking and critical thinking (problem solving) skills.  Good luck!
178	adjudicated	1	I spend all day looking over the books of multiple small businesses to make sure they pay their employees, have the money to pay their employees, can afford that new truck they wanna buy, that they collect the money they're owed, pay the money they owe and coded everything correctly so hopefully they don't get audited by the IRS.  I also help them run their business better by answering the questions they don't actually understand about running a business.  What do you do all day?
179	adjudicated	3	There are sometimes good discussion, but do bring up Houellebecq and you'll get several enraged people calling you out for promoting a misogynist or something or asking you why you're instead not reading a woman writer
180	adjudicated	2	I understood how it works by the book, that doesn't mean I agree with it. There's a lot of procedural and ethical issues with how the military justice system works. Also, the civilian system allows someone the ability to have those things removed permanently and they are only collected after an arrest which only happens with probable cause whereas titling is essentially having to prove your innocence after the fact and it's never remover. It's unconstitutional horse shit.
181	adjudicated	2	This is a children’s book and it’s self explanatory rules that you are looking for an exact match. “This” does in fact imply that it is that exact picture you must find in the bigger picture. There are multiple anteaters and you can’t just say any one of them counts because they are all anteaters. I’ve said in other comments as well that I’ve done tons of these books with my kids and that’s how it works. You may find something that looks incredibly similar but if you keep looking you find the exact picture. Every single time. My 5 year old was smart enough to notice it was not the same mongoose but I guess a bunch of Redditors weren’t.
182	adjudicated	1	r/truelit > r/bcj!
183	adjudicated	1	Darian has a terrible gas tank and has 0 chance of winning a decision (100% decision loss rate).My point is fuckin’ a stupid because neither fighter has had enough fights with high tier opponents for anyone to know, but I said it to show how fuckin’ brain dead bookies like you are fluffing up stupid shit to seem smart.Why even post here when everyone just tells you you’re wrong and to fuck off? 🤡😂
184	adjudicated	2	Read the novel
185	adjudicated	3	You're no better than the schizos who call the Nazis card-carrying socialists.You haven't even figured out what ideology is. It's only ever on paper. It's only ever theory. Real communism has never been tried, real fascism has never been tried, real liberalism has never been tried, real absolute monarchism has never been tried, real anarchism has never been tried, and real tribalism has never been tried. These are all ideologies that don't apply to reality. They are mere concepts.
186	adjudicated	1	I bet there's a few good lists online from booklists for AP classes or college English courses that would get some more baseline stuff too. Those were definitely the best things for me broadening my own horizons (and if we're honest, they're pretty narrow right now anyway - I won't list my last few read books because compared to the other suggestions on this list, they're rather juvenile. Enjoyable though). I'd make the argument that the best thing you can do is read a bit of everything, from YA to advanced science to ancient classics. Whatever is interesting to you is a good idea :)
187	adjudicated	3	Give people access to Anarchist literature and learn Anarchist talking points. Learn what both individualist and social anarchists have for critiques of capitalism (personally, I think Mutualists and Market Anarchists have the best critiques) and what they have for proposals on alternative societies and economics
188	adjudicated	3	Progress, the basic illusion of our age, is exhausted. Kids typically no longer expect their lives to be better than their parents’ were. Dystopian scenarios loom ever larger in public consciousness as fisheries collapse, CO2 levels rise, and clouds of radioactive steam billow from “fail-safe” nuclear plants that failed. Despite the technological marvels of our age—or perhaps because of them—these are dark days.
189	adjudicated	1	FWIW, I am 46 and started training seriously a couple of years ago. It took my blood pressure from borderline hypertension to totally fine. My cholesterol was fine and remains fine so I don't have personal experience with that. However, apparently there is evidence in the scientific literature that exercise can improve lipid profiles. The mechanism isn't fully known but is thought to be from metabolizing lipids instead of glycogen. Maybe polarized and a lot of Zone 2 would be better approach than SS for improving blood work, since there's more fat metabolism happening with long Zone 2 work? Just a thought.
190	adjudicated	1	Additionally, he beat the shit out of a guy in ring after he found out he was gayTotal lie. Kanyon said in the same book that accuses WWE of having Undertaker hurt him with chairshots that Undertaker was supportive of his struggles.
191	adjudicated	3	r/TrueLit r/literature r/WeirdLit may help you.
192	adjudicated	2	Downloading Samples on Amazon (button below Buy) before committing to the purchase has been invaluable. My wallet thanks me. Also making use of Returning Kindle books if I DNF for a full refund.
193	adjudicated	2	I’d argue that 1 in 6 vs 1 and 20 means it’s far more likely for blacks to be on welfare.it speaks to issues going on in their community( namely in my opinion the over enforcement of low level drug crimes for the last few decades). I think you arguing that whites are more likely to be on welfare and so blacks are not the issue misses the point and is counter productive to fixing the issue.
194	adjudicated	3	There is a genetic insensitivity to gut THC adsorption, if I understand the literature correctly.Both my mother and I have this insensitivity and have taken both edibles and sublingual tinctures without any effect even at high doses, while others experienced highness from much smaller doses.
195	adjudicated	1	I would say only 2 made a big impact and maybe a few others had golden nuggets:“The artists way” is changing my life.“The subtle art of not giving a fuck” is just a great perspective (there are lots of copycat books both in cover style and name but this one is the good one. Honorable mention:- The confidence gap- The art of learning- Radical candor
196	adjudicated	2	please go to r/truelit
197	adjudicated	1	 In the porn industry and in erotic literature  it’s popular because it makes it easier , plot wise, for a couple to be together and have sex.No build up required , no reason etc. Pretty much the same for fantasy purposes , you come home from a hard days work and there’s someone hot, young and sexy waiting at home…. Who has managed,somehow , to get her head and shoulders stuck in a front loading clothes dryer  while only wearing her sheerest undies 😳
198	adjudicated	1	Not that seriously. Everyone has such different tastes and I often find that I like things that the masses don’t always. Plus even looking at my own goodreads account, there a good number of books I’ve only given 3 stars but I thoroughly enjoyed reading it. I just didn’t think it ranked up next to other books.
199	adjudicated	3	Reading it has to wait since I have several books before it and their return dates are earlier but based on skimming the pages I am actually quite excited to finally get into it.Online dating annoyance. I get lots of contacts but most of them seem to fizzle out after few messages for reasons unknown to me. Of course I am not the best person to start a conversation out of blue, without knowing anything about a person and that probably plays a part. 
200	adjudicated	1	I have this book by these two guys who give shallower reviews about every episode than the thoughts I had while watching them, and they called The Outcast a failed gay allegory. My immediate reaction was just 😒
201	adjudicated	2	I seriously always wanted to write a fiction book with this as part of the story.
202	adjudicated	1	Fair enough. And to be clear, I'm not one of the "all extended warranties are bad" type people (more like a "most dealers are bad" type person...). As I said above, I bought one for my Palisade for the exact same reasons as you mentioned. I plan on keeping the car for probably 10ish years and while the powertrain is covered, I'm still worried about the crap ton of electronics we have in there. The cost, from Crystal, of $1400 for 10y/120k of peace of mind was worth it to me, as one repair could cost more than that. And on my aforementioned Jeep, we just had over $8k in repairs covered from that $2300 lifetime plan I got with that car, so that's a win in my book.
203	adjudicated	3	Heather McGhee's specialty is the American economy--and the mystery of why it so often fails the American public. From the financial crisis to rising student debt to collapsing public infrastructure, she found a common root problem: racism. But not just in the most obvious indignities for people of color. Racism has costs for white people, too. It is the common denominator of our most vexing public problems, the core dysfunction of our democracy and constitutive of the spiritual and moral crises that grip us all. But how did this happen? And is there a way out?
204	adjudicated	1	Typically elitist Democrat thinking that because someone who has a GED they aren’t smart enough to make decisions for themselves, and realize that Democrats don’t give a shit about the country or there voter base.          The fact that I speak 2 languages fluently, have A Real-estate License and  a College degree shouldn’t matter.   You on the other hand probably took one semester at a Liberal arts college and now you know everything and you put your nose down at working class Middle America because your parents bought you a MacBook and you drive a Prius.
205	adjudicated	1	Mm I have a long reading list that I'm working through (currently halfway through Polysecure and waiting to read Designer Relationships when the library has it). If you remember the book name, I'd be keen to add it to the list!
206	adjudicated	2	Gum, candy, pokemon cards, non-library books.
207	adjudicated	3	I would say you wouldn't be wrong IF you were well versed in the academic literature that this issue concerns and only IF you could explain why she has to an advantage despite the complete lack of research into being trans. A good paper on trans biology needs to at least state that there is not enough research to make too many conclusions. If it doesn't, then it's making assertions in a field that is very poorly documented and researched. You know, because of that whole no one cares about us or our well being thing
208	adjudicated	1	Brittany Runs a Marathon on Amazon! Actually such a great movie
209	adjudicated	1	I'm pretty sure that's how every encounter in the movie went
210	adjudicated	1	It’s really too extensive to list.  I’ll see if I can find some literature on it. There are plenty of options out there, I’m just really surprised at how many people just blindly take all of these supplements (a lot of shitty brands I might add) without knowing whether or not you need it.  Everything is synergistic, so if you over do it on one thing, you can throw off a serious of other metabolic processes.
211	adjudicated	3	 Do you have the expertise to give a fair assessment? or is it just one man with a PHD from Yale.   Something you might want to consider is that there are other PHD's out there, from other prestigious universities, who have also dedicated their lives to classical studies, who have come to a very different conclusion than the one you present.  From where I stand it appears that we are two laymen, interested in a subject, who've come to different interpretations. I've read and listened to lots of lectures and literature regarding Ceasar, his rise, and his death, from people far more educated than me on the topic.  I'm just a hobbiest, but I'm generally open to broadening my understanding of the topic.  What disinterests me is someone calling me ignorant and my arguments invalid in a hostile manner.Ceasar fought a civil war for personal glory and freedom.   Yes he was dealing with a corrupt system, but he didn't fight Pompeii and Cicero for the common man, he fought them for political office and gain.   He rigged elections and threatened politicians to put himself in a position for Dictator.  He wasn't some noble freedom fighter.  Sure, he probably didn't want the death of Pompeii, but his personal actions led to Pompeii's death, along with tens of thousands of Roman soldiers' and citizens' lives for no real benefit to anyone other than Ceasar.You can argue that the Senate is an enemy of the Roman people.  You could argue that the US congress is the enemy of the American People, but would you call a man who permanently dismantles the US framework of representative office, and makes himself President for life, a hero to the American People?  You keep calling me ignorant because my understanding doesn't align with your understanding, but as far as I can tell you've only ever viewed the situation through one (albeit credited) man on Tik-Tok.   I don't want to sound elitist, but a part of me questions the nuance that can be gained from videos that by their nature last 15 seconds to 3 minutes in length.
212	adjudicated	3	There was a whole book on the subject.[link]
213	adjudicated	2	It maybe Stoner by John Williams? He's not an office worker. It's pretty well recognised as one of the best novels of all time.
214	adjudicated	4	In the story, Kate Daniels is a down-on-her-luck mercenary who makes her living cleaning up these magical problems. But when Kate’s guardian is murdered, her quest for justice draws her into a power struggle between two strong factions within Atlanta’s magic
215	adjudicated	2	Funnily enough my brother is a distinguished linguist and PhD in philosophy and French literature. He had always been fascinated by the art of self expression and always carefully chose the appropriate word in a conversation. I have seen him study and study and study more. I think the secret is work teamed up with confidence. It’s the confidence I am lacking.
216	adjudicated	1	Underrated book. It’s a shame Traviss did her damndest to completely derail the characters of GoO, although the other authors who picked them up I feel did a much better job respecting Nylund’s portrayal of the S3s.
217	adjudicated	2	Just added all of these to Goodreads and about to buy some of them.
218	adjudicated	1	A perfect compliment to the orginal work!
219	adjudicated	3	The Putin comment is weird. He's instituted jail sentences of 15 years and threatened to charge people with high treason, a crime we never charge people with *at all* here despite still having it on the books. That's not *less* severe than seizing funds donated to a protest war chest! Why would you even say something like that?That said, summary seizure in the civil-forfeiture spirit is definitely not the way to go; the correct approach would be to sue. Sadly, I doubt the city will have much to run with there -- they seem to have a pretty bad legal team, and most of the expense seems to be self-inflicted via a drawn-out response that involved a lot of police but no policing.
220	adjudicated	1	Maybe not the biggest goal, but a little pipe dream I have. There is a tiny shop on a side street near my house, it was a book shop once upon a time. It's a florist at the moment but I'd love to one day open it up as a little used book shop! I'm sure I would never make any money but I could read and talk about books if anyone actually came up the street to browse in it.
221	adjudicated	1	Damn, you're an MVP for real!!! I never expected you to listen to everything! I was just spit-balling really, thinking of stuff I'm into, there's so much more, I wish we could hang out in person and trade songs back and forth, that's the best way to really click with a person musically (and I'm confident it would happen). I am so happy you love Tori, she really is a virtuoso, it's amazing to me how overlooked she is in the canon of female singer-songwriters, which is already its own weird ghetto haha, but damn, Tori is queen, but I hardly ever see her brought up, even on musicians she obviously influenced. It's so weird. But she is absolutely amazing and her entire discography is wonderful.  Anyway, I'm just glad to hear from you, I really miss you contributing at truelit so much. I hope you're doing well.Sweeping beauty and dire seriousness, I like that, that describes a lot of what I like too. I think that would describe Godspeed You Black Emperor pretty well, who I'm into, and Swans too. Well, once again, it's always a pleasure to wake up to a message from you.
222	adjudicated	2	You think you know what's inside the last house on Needless Street. You think you've read this story before. That's where you're wrong.
223	adjudicated	3	Transgender refers to identity. If you identify as anything other than your assigned sex at birth, you are transgender. Transsexuals feel that their body and identity doesn’t match. They usually have dysphoria and change their characteristics with hormones and surgeries.Transsexuals on hrt acquire female sex characteristics like breasts and soft skin, but they remain genetically and chromosomally male.Woman doesn’t refer to anything physical so if you identify as a woman, you are a woman. Woman and female are not the same thing. There are women born with a vagina who have male XY chromosomes. They are chromosomally male. Transsexuals on hrt have male and female sex characteristics but remain genetically male. 
224	adjudicated	3	Kendra and her brother, Seth, have no idea that their grandfather is the current caretaker of Fablehaven. Inside the gated woods, ancient laws keep relative order among greedy trolls, mischievous satyrs, plotting witches, spiteful imps, and jealous fairies. However, when the rules get broken -- Seth is a bit too curious and reckless for his own good -- powerful forces of evil are unleashed, and Kendra and her brother face the greatest challenge of their lives. To save their family, Fablehaven, and perhaps even the world, Kendra and Seth must find
225	adjudicated	2	Your brother is also a philosophy and French literature phd?
226	adjudicated	3	Christian ethics generally lag behind the current societal norms by a few years to decades, but they come around eventually.  You mention homosexuality, but many Christians now condone gay marriage where none did before, and that number is growing. even the Pope condones it now I think. In fact I would argue every change in Christian ethics has been predicated by a change in societal norms.  You don’t ever see \*new\* Christian beliefs that are different from the prevailing cultural sentiment. Language and the Law do change over time.  The difference is that they are human inventions and not purported to be the Word Of God. The Law is meant to serve the greater societal good, and so as society adapts and changes, so does it. Language and literature are also viewed through the lens of society. They exist to communicate ideas, and so naturally change and evolve as our society does. Neither of these have the same problems of absolution that the Bible does. In fact I think that it's telling that you are saying the Word of God follows the same patterns as other things that are human inventions. If that's true it suggests that the Word of God is itself a human invention - or at the very least, is no better a compass than something that is created by humans.  Which is not very helpful at all.
227	adjudicated	2	Recently online-shoplifted an anais nin book, new mascara and face wash from amazon
228	adjudicated	1	well,i didnt think while i was making it but here is some of my ideas:First animasyon-s(animation in turkish) would probably be funded by government,they would be adaptations of old literature works(novels etc.) and folklore heroes.I dont think we would really get something like the turkish Evangelion or something like that,but maybe it could rival japanese ones,or even both combine or something to make "pan-asian animation sector" or sorts.
229	adjudicated	2	I would say for what you need it for skip on the chrome books in general and maybe research Microsoft’s Surface Pro Laptops. Asus zenbooks also compete with Mac. Last one I’d recommend aside from the Mac OS laptop s the Dell XPS
230	adjudicated	1	I have so many notebooks that I just love looking at and maybe sometimes I pet the blank pages. My handwriting SUCKS and I feel like it would ruin the books if I wrote in them.
231	adjudicated	1	I like the angry embittered people who constantly continue posting on subs that they openly hate and get into mean uncharitable arguments with other posters constantly, and they delete their accounts, and always come back in instantly recognizable fashion under new usernames. Why do they stay around if they deem the place so damn toxic? I just don't get it. There's one on the truelit sub who just lives to interpret everything people post in the most offensive and put upon matter but she *won't leave* lmao. Goddamn, I can't imagine deleting an account, creating a new one, all to post on a place that I don't even like being a part of.
232	adjudicated	3	I feel this needs to be looked into more. Cooking books has been an issue for decades and a lot especially recently. Just because they aren’t real shares to retail doesn’t mean they aren’t marked as real in broker/hedgie books. 
233	adjudicated	3	People like your mother ignore whole categories because that rise to the top in those categories tend to be all the same. Those who dislike the promoted characteristics don't read the genre and the problem gets worse--the books more and more the same, leading to more readers fleeing the genre.Hadn't thought about it like this, but this is a great insight.  Speculative fiction produces that feeling you get when a puzzle is completed. It often includes other emotions.These are great example of emotions created by the books falling into those categories, but lots of books produce that sense of epiphany without being categorised as literary fiction, which is the problem. The point I'm trying to make is, when browsing literary fiction, all epiphany-inducing fantasy and sci-fi books get circumvented, adding to the first problem (the promoted characteristics you mentioned).
234	adjudicated	3	Every economics textbook says the same thing: Money was invented to replace onerous and complicated barter systems—to relieve ancient people from having to haul their goods to market. But, the problem with this version of history? There’s not a shred of evidence to support it.
235	adjudicated	2	This is probably an unpopular opinion but I feel like r/books focuses an ordinate amount of time ranting about things they don't like in physical books rather than discussing what's in them.
236	adjudicated	2	r/truelit is great, but I’m worried many r/literature people will swarm it eventually. Though to be fair the people on r/truelit have good taste without being too snobbish so my whiny comment is sort of against the spirit of the sub.
237	adjudicated	1	My most favorite is [Masato Kurumi][link] from the japanese visual novel MoshiKami 3 I find him very attractive, oniichan yandere that! takes your hair out of the drain and licks it, kills the whole cast in a lot of endings and does the dirty with you right after in the same scene, and then there's one scene where he faps to you on the other side of your bedroom wall lol!&lt;  I also love Lindo from the Dance with Devils visual novel but that's because I love the brocon-type yanderes :') Same with Toma from the Amnesia: Memories... and I just realized all the characters I listed are siscons. Welp.
238	adjudicated	1	Dune is one of the most recognised science fiction novels. When diving into the depth of Sci-fi literature, Dune is one of the books being recommended everywhere.However, for a long time I didn't even consider reading the book. As I had watched David Lynch's movie adaptation, I thought the reading experience will be spoiled.Also, new phrases and word suggestions are very much welcomed. :)Great job! I have a friend who’s absolutely obsessed with dune :)
239	adjudicated	1	Some use it like that but not really no. It’s meant to be cycled. Stew has like 3 or 4 phases if I remember correctly.  
240	adjudicated	3	The first duty of every Starfleet officer is to the truth. Whether it's scientific truth, or historical truth, or personal truth. It is the guiding principle upon which Starfleet is based. If you can't find it within yourself to stand up and tell the truth about what happened you don't deserve to wear that uniform.
241	adjudicated	2	I see myself as a value-investor. For us technical analysis is more like astrology. Patterns only seem to work sometimes and if then because other people see the same patterns and read the same books. I don’t think highly of technical analysis to be frank so I don’t have any book recommendations for that unfortunately.
242	adjudicated	2	Yup. For example 1984 and Handmaiden’s Tale are “literature” because the authors are respected, therefore they couldn’t possibly write Science-Fiction.
243	adjudicated	1	No prob! [Benson’s quote](https://www.thedailybeast.com/buffy-the-vampire-slayer-cast-detail-joss-whedons-alleged-abusive-behavior-on-set) (which was misattributed to Carpenter) is from an interview from Evan Ross Katz’s new book.
244	adjudicated	2	To get books into my TBR pile I have lots of ways, but to choose the specific book I'm reading next varies on my mood.
245	adjudicated	2	 Not necessarily write one, but if we're allowed to use it, I could possibly write it into a novelDo you or have you read any tickle novels
246	adjudicated	2	You're about to get dragged.[outside link][quote]
247	adjudicated	3	r/TrueLit has done a couple of top 100 user-voted lists and the results are always interesting. I imagine, given how enormous this sub’s following is that such an undertaking here would be pretty overwhelming, but if the mods wanted to take it on, I think it would be a good and varied resource for users.
248	adjudicated	2	Just for fun, I gave a relevant prompt to an [outside link] to see what it would come up with: **(Prompt) An open letter by Franz Kafka about the dearth of novelty in /r/TrueLit:** I have just read your statement on the subject of novelty. You are correct, I do not know how to express the thing, because I myself do not know how to express the thing. Yet the thing is the thing. The thing is what the thing is. The thing is what the thing is. I will not insult your intelligence by saying that the thing is the thing. You know it is the thing. I know it is the thing. It is the thing. The thing. The thing. The thing. The thing. The thing. The thing. The thing. The thing. The thing. I tried the same prompt again, just with a different writer. **(Prompt) An open letter by Fyodor Dostoevsky about the dearth of novelty in /r/TrueLit:** We have been reading and rereading the article in which you have described the monotonous state of your life and the “dearth of novelty” in it. It has a “sad and gloomy” look. Your heart aches as you think of it. But the article is not gloomy, not sad. It is, rather, quite the opposite. The last one I tried was strangely ... sensible. Not what I was expecting. 
249	adjudicated	1	I can't speak to Harry Potter specifically, but as a short person I always book Hult Center tickets in the Mezzanine or Lower Balcony, as close to the front as I can get. The sides of the Mezzanine are great, because they curve closer to the stage. But if the first several rows of the Mezzanine are booked already, or if they're too expensive, you'd see just fine toward the front of the Lower Balcony. The Upper Balcony is more nose-bleedy and feels much more distant from the action.Definitely avoid the Orchestra.
250	adjudicated	1	this book is AWESOME! One of Barack Obama's Favorite Books of 2020!
251	adjudicated	2	no, there is no reliable data per the experts...most if not all of the data is taken from news reports, which has proven unreliable.The American Veterinary Society of Animal Behavior, for example, says identifying a dog's breed accurately is difficult, even for professionals, and visual recognition is known to not always be reliable.  
252	adjudicated	1	Fourth grade is rough! My daughter’s in fourth grade now and really struggling (even with adhd medication). Sadly, I can’t give you advice about the lateness. I’m not late. I’m paranoid and anxious and have alarms FOR Everything. I’m one of those “30-40 minutes early ADHD people” to counteract having no sense of time. I also found working afternoons for a good part of my career went a long way. Yes, I did go to college and even grad school! The trick for me was finding degrees I was super interested in, so my undergrad was in the arts and my masters is in literature. Even though research papers were still a struggle, I basically just had to read fiction for my degree (along with some crit/theory), which was already something I hyper focused on. In a lot of ways, I found ways around the adhd problems (fields I loved, late shifts, flexible hours) so I masked pretty well… until I didn’t and everything would jmplode temporarily.
253	adjudicated	1	I used to read tons of books back in HS to kill time. I mean, I still like to read I just almost never do it at home anymore since I'd rather go online, and when I'm out I tend not to have that much downtime. Such is life.
254	adjudicated	3	 Drawing on path breaking research in archaeology and anthropology, the authors show how history becomes a far more interesting place once we learn to throw off our conceptual shackles and perceive what's really there. If humans did not spend 95 percent of their evolutionary past in tiny bands of hunter-gatherers, what were they doing all that time? If agriculture, and cities, did not mean a plunge into hierarchy and domination, then what kinds of social and economic organization did they lead to2? The answers are often unexpected, and suggest that the course of human history may be less set in stone, and more full of playful, hopeful possibilities, than we tend to assume.The Dawn of Everything fundamentally transforms our understanding of the human past and offers a path toward imagining new forms of freedom, new ways of organizing society. This is a monumental book of formidable intellectual range, animated by curiosity, moral vision, and a faith in the power of direct action.
255	adjudicated	1	I got into Adventure Time after a long hiatus and felt like buying myself some book or merch and it's actually insane how everything is out of print/sold out. Like what the heck. Wanted AT Munchkin board game? Sold out everywhere. Wanted figurine of Finn? Sold out everywhere. Seen a cool t-shirt - out of stock. Art of Ooo? Out of print. It makes me feel like AT is some totally forgotten niche franchise from the 90s. Look at Simpsons having merch 20 years after they stopped being relevant...
256	adjudicated	1	Ok here goes! It’s all my collections and handmade art glass jewelry, car related items (including car models, a Kipling bag(I have about 8 of same model and brand that I’m keeping 🤓😳🙃) and -brand new art supplies! I’m preparing to move house-also books about culture as well as hard cover novels and automotive books! Any sharing most appreciated! Thanks all
257	adjudicated	2	Just another evening at the literature club
258	adjudicated	1	My favorite book of his is "This Side of Paradise," and more importantly, I didn't fucking ask you, because I do not need or want your opinion on my taste in literature.
259	adjudicated	3	Its actually incredibly rare. "The syndrome is rare: according to data from the [FBI][link], about 5% of hostage victims show evidence of Stockholm syndrome."[link]Thats just hostage situations, not being tortured and raped.In her 2019 treatise on [domestic violence][link] *See What You Made Me Do*, Australian journalist Jess Hill described the syndrome as a "dubious pathology with no diagnostic criteria", and stated that it is "riddled with misogyny and founded on a lie"; she also noted that a 2008 [literature review][link] revealed that "most diagnoses \[of Stockholm syndrome\] are made by the media, not by psychologists or psychiatrists."So no before anyone jumps in with their incel crap, it is not common for rape and abuse victims to sympathize with their attackers.
260	adjudicated	3	I hope we get some solid participation in this read. Have you posted it on the r/TrueLit sub? I think they allow this kind of promotion in their weekly reading thread.
261	adjudicated	1	YTA. Your husband told the truth, plus he really doesn’t sound that interested in literature. Not everyone is and maybe this his way of getting out of further discussions. He doesn’t go around saying he’s embarrassed because you don’t work with petri dishes, so stop looking down on him.
262	adjudicated	2	I thought Christopher wasn't a fan of the movies adaption, since they did change a couple of things. But yes, overall it was a good adaption that almost all fans of the books appreciated.
263	adjudicated	3	All of the following I'd class as humorous and light reading, some also fall into the mystery criteria too. Caimh McDonnell's Dublin Trilogy and it's follow on series McGarry Stateside. The Good Thief's Guides by Chris Ewan. The 100 Year Old Man Who Climbed Out of the Window and Disappeared by Jonas Jonasson (and any books by him really). Anything by Matt Beaumont but especially E.Anything by P G Wodehouse.Bill Bryson for non-fiction.Cotillion, Friday's Child and the Talisman Ring, all by Georgette Heyer (yes she is primarily labelled a 'romance' author but these ones are so much more than that and are hilarious too).I've only read one book by each of the following authors but both were amusing and part of a series: Mike Faricy (Dev Haskell series) and Carl Hiaasen. The Rosie Project by Graeme Simsion.Rob Johnson's Lifting The Lid series.The Food of Love by Anthony Capella. Mark Gatiss' Lucifer Box novels.My Sister, The Serial Killer by Oyinkan Braithwaite.The Thursday Murder Club by Richard Osman (not too funny but a good, easy/quick to read mystery).
264	adjudicated	2	The exchange between Eowyn and the Witch-King was much more better in the books, at least per dialogue.
265	adjudicated	2	That flour yeast water book?
266	adjudicated	3	I enjoyed it as well, the first movie that got me back in the cinema since COVID started. Agree though that the end was pretty by the books. I thought the film might subvert it by having the killers not explain any of their motivation “let’s just kill her first”. That could have been funny. Still really liked it though.
267	adjudicated	3	Alek and Deryn are aboard the Leviathan when the ship is ordered to pick up an unusual passenger. This brilliant and maniacal inventor claims to have a weapon called Goliath that can end the war While on their top-secret mission, Alek finally discovers Deryn's deeply kept secret.
268	adjudicated	3	It depends entirely upon the quality of the anime and the quality of the novel in question.Certain shows can benefit massively from animation, expression, and performances that bring life to the characters.Certain novels do a better job of providing details or nuance. In anime, a whole scene has to be on-screen at all times. In a novel, the author is only giving you exactly the information that he or she wants you to know, and everything else is discarded. Novels typically draw attention and focus better than all but the best-directed anime.In some instances, the anime can work *against* the novels, even if it is unintended. For example, "horror" very seldom clicks for me in animation because I find it difficult to be "scared" of a cartoon no matter how well it's drawn, but scary situations work better in text descriptions because it's leaving the mental image up to your imagination.I don't think I've encountered a situation where I read the novel and found it *worse* than its corresponding anime, but there have been a handful of anime that (for what they adapt) were more-or-less as enjoyable as their original novels.
269	adjudicated	3	That's why /r/bookscirclejerk, /r/TrueLit, and /r/writingcirclejerk are the only tolerable literary subreddits.
270	adjudicated	3	International affairs, especially with countries going through ongoing warfare, is everything but black and white. The many cabinet members and  administrators, from both countries, are smarter and currently on a whole other level then that. There are hundreds of variables and effects of every action AND word said. Wonder why our speaker, usually Jen Psaki, always looks at her book? I’m pretty sure it’s more complicated then, “hurr durr just send them the bombs go boom why not?”Don’t get me wrong, I’d love to be able to say, “why not just give the iron dome to them?” but even that is off the tables for America. And yes, we do have/know how the iron dome works now. News outlets like Fox cater to the normal American. Were talking about the blue collar American who knows nothing about the defense ministry or the laws and regulations in place for international affiliations of top world countries. And it’s not just Biden. This is not the 1200 century where one king rules all and his saying goes. I’m pretty sure he wants to support Ukraine as much as he can while at the same time avoiding more international conflict.
271	adjudicated	3	The Maimed relates the story of a highly neurotic, socially inept bank clerk who is eventually impelled by his widowed landlady into servicing her sexual appetites. At the same time he must witness the steady physical and mental deterioration of his lifelong friend who is suffering from an unnamed disease. Part psychological farce, Ungar tells a dark, ironic tale of chaos overtaking one's meticulously ordered life.
272	adjudicated	3	I loved watching Donte Hall, but Cribbs is #2 in my book.
273	adjudicated	2	That's objectively false: [link]I looked over it; every time they are taken to the test, the peer review process shoots them down.[link]There is no way that from the time of Noah's Ark 6,000ish years ago to today that any of the species could have evolved to today. There is no guided way outside the laws of physics. Species evolve due to changes in allele frequencies among populations, where traits which contribute to survival get passed on while others don't. Evolving over billions of years has continuously been supported with every new discovery made. Evolution is so much better understood today than 100 years ago and it has only further been proven. There is nothing which has brought us back to "well maybe this time something supernatural occurred".
274	adjudicated	1	I… think I saw it when I read Titus Andronicus in grad school. I don’t remember much about it either way to be honest. I think I remember the acting being pretty good. I don’t remember much about the production design. I do remember my Elizabethan literature being fond of it, and she really liked the play. Unfortunately, that’s about all I can say about it, especially since I’ve only read TA probably twice, and not since grad school which was close to ten years ago, so even if I was to watch it now, it wouldn’t have the same resonance as Macbeth or another play I know better like R&amp;J or Hamlet. 🤷‍♀️ Shockingly enough Titus Andronicus is often overlooked on high school curriculums.
275	adjudicated	3	The TrueLit crowd mainly reads classics and wouldn't get caught dead with a lowly genre fiction novel.  But the attitude between them and male sci-fi/fantasy fans is basically the same, acting like no woman or person of color has ever been worthy of an award and they're only picked for "political" reasons.  Feminism and anti-racism were invented by "woke" people on Twitter and then the awards committees all caved from the pressure.
276	adjudicated	2	I'm reminded of the opening scene of Coming to America where the prince is disgusted with the hot, submissive princess that has been raised since childhood to be his perfect wife so he goes to America to seek an independent, American woman in... Queens.  It's a funny comedy even to this day but that particular narrative seemed amusing to me as the prince rejects his wealth and status to want to be a fast food worker at McDowells.   It's funny but we all know it's no true.  But such women above probably believe it.  When these women reach out and ask for advice, one would think they sincere are doing what men do: Asking for it "good and hard" for the criticism to improve and solve their problem.  Sort of like a "breakdown" and checking into rehab but instead, they really want "support" and enablement and hearing that the problem isn't themselves.  That's why I found it interesting that most self-help books for women were largely about telling them what they already believed anyway.  She's not 25 and asking this but rather 29 and one wonders if women "mature" faster than men, why does it take them so long to even bother to engage in basic self-examination that most men engage in by their early 20's?
277	adjudicated	1	I made no comparisons between game of thrones to transformers.  I was giving you an example of a technically amazing movie with shit writing, to make the point that a show isn't about it's technical achievements.  You can make a cake that looks amazing, but if it doesn't taste good then it's not a good cake.  GOT season 8 looks amazing, and no one is arguing that it doesn't.    Your reading comprehension is incredibly low and I'm guessing this is why the terrible stupid writing of season 8 doesn't bother you.  So things people of normal intelligence would say  "hey, that makes no sense and it's really dumb"  You be too distracted saying  "OMG DRAGON IN THE CLOWDS SO COOOL".
278	adjudicated	1	Great! I added it to my Kindle so I'm gonna read it ASAP and let you know what I think about it! 😊 also would be great if it appears on Goodreads so other people can see it and read reviews.
279	adjudicated	3	Sam Harris is another aggressive anti-intellectual who hijacked the concept of "civility". He is a thinker, writing books on subjects he knows nothing about, with zero self-reflection. He is more put together than Peterson, it is not hard to be, but he is still as if Dunning-Kruger came to life. People like Sam Harris actively make the world a stupider place.
280	adjudicated	3	if you are into the kinds of experiments Samuel Beckett was into, like stretching the limits of writing literature without a plot, go for it. Just know upfront that you got to be super patient with this one. There is this fascinating commentary in the book on the nature of authority itself. The interrogator always impatiently presses for details about room layouts and known acquaintances of people under consideration. They are in a hurry whenever the servant becomes too sentimental or real. The interrogator is always twisting words, trying to make criminal connections between innocent people. The servant wants to talk about his dead wife and child.. but the cop wants seedy details about people associated with his employers. 
281	adjudicated	2	Not necessarily. This cycle was found across centuries of literature and from various cultures, backgrounds, countries, etc so it was not dependent on the requirement for watchmen, etc. Before the arrival of electric; artificial lighting, it was the natural way to rest。In fact, there are still remnants of that today - many consider the siesta or afternoon nap a vestige of bi-phasic sleep and/or actual bi-phasic sleep
282	adjudicated	1	I love this movie! Seen it so many times! My mom loved Kevin Bacon so now I like watching stuff with him in it cause it makes me think of her lol
283	adjudicated	3	Reminder: When asking for help with questions from tests or books, please include the source of the question in the post title. Examples of appropriate titles might include "Help with writing question from April 2017 QAS" or "Help with question from Erica Meltzer's grammar book." **Posts that do not adhere to this rule are subject to removal.** For more information, please see rule #7 in the sidebar.
284	adjudicated	3	I haven't read the book yet, but it's a really intense movie.
285	adjudicated	3	The author shows that arguments about debt and debt forgiveness have been at the center of political debates from Italy to China, as well as sparking innumerable insurrections. He also brilliantly demonstrates that the language of the ancient works of law and religion derive in large part from ancient debates about debt, and shape even our most basic ideas of right and wrong. We are still fighting these battles today without knowing it.
286	adjudicated	1	It is a fantastic book! Highly recommend it!
287	adjudicated	1	You are also making assumptions about the TYPE of reading that is happening. For instance, I devour books like candy. However, if you ask me a month later to describe the book, or name a character (haha, can't do that even while reading it!), or even name the books I just read, I won't be able to do it. I am not reading for deep comprehension or memory here - truly just reading for a cheap thrill of immersing myself in this world, borrowing the emotional thrills, and turning off the rest of my brain for a bit.Other people might be reading in a way where they are actually paying attention to the plot, examining the writing, trying to guess what's going to happen next, getting deep messages about life, etc. I also read for fun, and have no idea what Storygraph? is, and don't even have a goodreads account (although sometimes I think that would help me keep books straight and help me remember what I've read lol). Maybe separating your reading from some kind of gamification would help you get back to reading for actual enjoyment and not feeling obligated to reach some arbitrary goal?
288	adjudicated	1	yeah i bought that book but I have to finish "Ego Is the enemy" First. Still kinda hard for me to have conversations with strangers.
289	adjudicated	3	Well, there is a strong genetic link to intelligence; assuming proper childhood nutrition, the current understanding is that \[50 - 80% of adult intelligence\]( [link] ) is determined by genetics, and only 20-50% by environment and education.  And intelligence is linked to criminality, with those with IQ around 80 or 90 being much more likely to commit impulse crimes.  In 2016, in response to general concerns about the [replicability of psychological research][link], behavioral geneticists [Robert Plomin][link].1. "All psychological traits show significant and substantial genetic influence."2. "No traits are 100% heritable."3. "Heritability is caused by many genes of small effect."4. "Phenotypic correlations between psychological traits show significant and substantial genetic mediation."5. "The heritability of intelligence increases throughout development."6. "Age-to-age stability is mainly due to genetics."7. "Most measures of the 'environment' show significant genetic influence."8. "Most associations between environmental measures and psychological traits are significantly mediated genetically."9. "Most environmental effects are not shared by children growing up in the same family."10. "Abnormal is normal.""
290	adjudicated	1	Nice to hear the game has gotten you interested in Star Wars! I recommend you watch the origonal triology (no. 4, 5 and 6) first, then the prequels (1, 2 and 3) and then finally the sequels. I also recommend watching the Clone Wars show, The Mandalorian and The Book pf Bobs Fett. Don't let the animated look of Clone Wars stop you from watching it, the show has some really well written episodes.
291	adjudicated	1	Omg I have never ever had anyone else reference this movie but my cousins and I used to watch it all the time😂😂
292	adjudicated	1	truelit but posts New Yorker linkshahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
293	adjudicated	1	Agreed i'm wondering why people's perception is if it does not happen in their lifetime it's hopeless these nihilistic ideas are the core of corruption i think, "since nothings gonna work out within my lifetime might as well watch the world burn instead of working hard and die before i see the result" last time i checked a lot of people are not even aware what marxism (communism) means thus using the word loosely, and a lot of filipinos even those so called "educators" are ignorant in any related literature about democracy they say remove all opposition, like bruh you literally unknowingly begging for a totalitarian government
294	adjudicated	1	Same man I'm always looking for the games, toys, movies, books, and random collectibles
295	adjudicated	2	I kind of get it. Obviously, the church (and most of its active members) would never sign off on the endowment ceremony being featured in this movie if they had any say in the matter so in that sense it is "disrespectful". On the other hand, if all religious organizations' "sacred beliefs" were always fully respected, all of humanity would be trapped in the darkest of dark ages. Some lack of respect is essential for even the Mormon church to function. How would else missionary work and baptisms for the dead be possible? Heck, lack of respect for religion made Mormonism possible in the first place.
296	adjudicated	1	I know exactly what you’re talking about, but cmon dude. Sometimes a thing becomes popular because people latch on to it and make it their personality…. But other times a thing becomes popular because it genuinely has merit. You shouldn’t shun EVERYTHING that becomes trendy just because it’s trendy. That book is an absolute classic, so it will always be popular. It was written in 1949, long before those “spaz kids” were born. It was highly regarded then, and it’s still highly regarded today, and it always be highly regarded, cause that’s what a “classic” is.It’s a fun, and very weird, read. It’s not like you have to tell anyone you read it. 
297	adjudicated	2	You are the one making this connection. You are the one saying there is actually a connection, honestly it seems like you're the one with the problem, not anyone else. It's like when people try to claim orcs in fantasy literature are racist. Yes, because there's totally a connection there, though I've never seen anyone in real life that looked or acted like an orc from LoTR, thankfully. I've never seen the goblin conspiracy before I saw it online somewhere. Some people man.
298	adjudicated	1	You talking about Jim getting in trouble with Ra or the crystal in the pyramid? Luckily I annotate my books like a nerd! So the crystal in the pyramid is mentioned in Session 2 second answer, second paragraph (weird). Jim falling asleep is at the end of Sesh 22 when Ra signs off (that's a LOT of 2s!)Exactly, spot on with the "remembering" part. It was the first time I ever read something and just KNEW it was the truth. Hard to explain, but a very cool feeling.
299	adjudicated	3	Among the seminal texts of the 20th century, Nineteen Eighty-Four is a rare work that grows more haunting as its futuristic purgatory becomes more real. Published in 1949, the book offers political satirist George Orwell's nightmarish vision of a totalitarian, bureaucratic world and one poor stiff's attempt to find individuality. The brilliance of the novel is Orwell's prescience of modern life—the ubiquity of television, the distortion of the language—and his ability to construct such a thorough version of hell. Required reading for students since it was published, it ranks among the most terrifying novels ever written.
300	adjudicated	3	I can’t speak to Herbal Academy (I’ve looked at it as well but haven’t signed up yet.) but, I’ve noticed every Western herbalism resource I’ve looked at, regardless of how dedicated they are to scientific evidence, ascribe to the ideas that “the whole is more than the sum of the parts” in terms of formulations, as well as an energetic system indicating or contraindicating certain herbs based on a person’s ‘constitution’. both were probably cribbed from TCM and Ayurvedic tradition at some point in relatively recent history. Neither idea seems to have any real scientific support but they are ubiquitous. Most resources I’ve seen also at least mention homeopathy in a more sympathetic light than I’m comfortable with.In spite of that, you can get science-based information on the plants that do act as pharmaceuticals from a variety of places. I have the exact same goal as you; I’ve been taking the Chestnut School course (it’s not rigorous but it’s done the job of introducing me to the herbalism world) and after spending 6 months taking it in that way I bought two books, AHG’s Botanical Safety Handbook (it’s expensive and huge) and Principles and Practice of Phytotherapy (not quite as expensive but still huge).  Both are good reviews of the literature although I think the second one has a positive bias towards the efficacy of herbs. but anyway, they gave me enough confidence to start actually making and taking basic herbal medicines, doing stuff with essential oils that won’t poison my cats, dogs, and so on.
301	adjudicated	4	Let's think about the cyclical nature of existence, like the water cycle. Imagine yourself as a pond. A pond exists, then when it's warm it evaporates. The pond as we once recognized it doesn't exist, but it didn't disappear. Its water is elsewhere now. Eventually it will rain, and the same pond will grow but be filled with new water.Your life will slowly evaporate elsewhere until you cease to exist in the form you label as yourself. But your life still exists everywhere that you left a piece of it and serves to fill the ponds of others.
302	adjudicated	2	I have tried both. Literature suffers from the same problems. Truelit suffers from completely different problems namely lack of threads, small scope, and lack of self awareness -- though being under-read and their identifying as readers can also be an issue. 52books as well. The grass is not greener elsewhere.
303	adjudicated	3	As far as I know, recommendation requests should go [outside link].
304	adjudicated	1	My mom was a big fan and taped them off TV so we watched them all the time. I had no idea there was a reboot! I'm with ya, not interested. And totally agree about Suchet as Poirot! Just seeing a trailer for Branagh's weird action hero Poirot can get me ranting on that subject lol.  David Suchet is just really awesome. On a more "truelit" level he played the villainous Melmotte in the BBC's adaptation of Trollope's *The Way We Live Now* and he was absolutely incredibly. 
305	adjudicated	1	I picked up the deluxe edition and got the starter cars which have helped a ton on book 28+. Also scored a gr3 bmw from a 4* roulette that’s NA and can add turbo to it which got me through the turbo and German books
306	adjudicated	1	Lol the r/TrueLit mods set the default sort on the most recent unpopular opinion thread to controversial, which is the only way to go!Otherwise, who cares if you get downvoted? It's all in good fun.
307	adjudicated	3	The nine stories and one poem collected in this volume formed the basis for the astonishingly original film “Short Cuts” directed by Robert Altman. Collected altogether in this volume, these stories form a searing and indelible portrait of American innocence and loss. With deadpan humor and enormous tenderness, this is the work of “one of the true contemporary masters” (The New York Review of Books).
308	adjudicated	3	[quote]. If you read the book, you'll find out that most of the laws written there are effective in any era we visit Tamriel, be it the Second, the Third or the Fourth one. Just like most of the legal systems of Earth are based on the Roman law that is said to be the basis of Napoleon's Civil Code and English legal system, the Imperial legal system is much similar there. An interesting thing is about that Marukhati legal credo - perhaps, this is the reason there are no courts in Tamriel for. No courts, but still, the lawsuits do exist if the case is more complex than any of those described in the "Legal Basics''. In other words, the Legal Basics are common in all of Tamriel. The details like, say, the Bosmeri Green Pact or the Dunmeri state and religious law, are defined in the respective lands.
309	adjudicated	1	This post is from r/TrueLit, a sub which proves the existence if there ever was one.
310	adjudicated	3	 actually, only 5% of hostage victims end up with some levels of stockholm syndrome"The syndrome is rare: according to data from the [FBI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FBI), about 5% of hostage victims show evidence of Stockholm syndrome."In fact its very hard to prove that stockholm syndrome even occurs, with examples portrayed in media as more in line with examples of misogynyIn her 2019 treatise on [domestic violence][link] *See What You Made Me Do*, Australian journalist Jess Hill described the syndrome as a "dubious pathology with no diagnostic criteria", and stated that it is "riddled with misogyny and founded on a lie"; she also noted that a 2008 [literature review][link] revealed that "most diagnoses \[of Stockholm syndrome\] are made by the media, not by psychologists or psychiatrists."[link]Ymir was horrifically tortured. Her developing feelings for Fritz is gross and not accurate.
311	adjudicated	3	McGhee embarks on a deeply personal journey across the country from Maine to Mississippi to California, tallying what we lose when we buy into the zero-sum paradigm--the idea that progress for some of us must come at the expense of others. Along the way, she meets white people who confide in her about losing their homes, their dreams, and their shot at better jobs to the toxic mix of American racism and greed. This is the story of how public goods in this country--from parks and pools to functioning schools--have become private luxuries; of how unions collapsed, wages stagnated, and inequality increased; and of how this country, unique among the world's advanced economies, has thwarted universal healthcare.
312	adjudicated	3	the anthropologist David Graeber presents a stunning reversal of conventional wisdom. He shows that for more than 5,000 years, since the beginnings of the first agrarian empires, humans have used elaborate credit systems to buy and sell goods—that is, long before the invention of coins or cash. It is in this era, Graeber argues, that we also first encounter a society divided into debtors and creditors.
313	adjudicated	1	There are a million books on "mindset" and "success". I'll sum their useful bits up for you to save you the time.1) Do at least one thing every day that moves you forward in life.  (Even if for someone that's showing daily it's still something!)2) Spend most of the time in any situation on solving problems instead of discovering blame…3) The buck stops at you.  The world is full of SHIT luck and SHIT people.  The only outcome you can truly control is how you handle things
314	adjudicated	2	The whole book is perturabo finding reasons to not do it and then blaming it on everyone else.The book ends with with one of his legionnaires building something but doing it 1% too slow or too fast which makes perturabo mad and killing him.
315	adjudicated	3	To be continued: As for why it is the great white shark?  1:It is a shark because the shark is an ocean animal (most humans know it) that can be aggressive, dangerous and attack humans. So it shows in your dream just as big snakes or mighty land animals show up in others' dreams, as a reflection/symbol of something in your real life.  2 It is a great white shark because it is something you know, you are familiar with, either from some literature, you read or watched previously (maybe a long time ago) or from your childhood experience( If you grew up in Dominica it could be from that experience). I am not familiar with sharks, and I am not interested in the ocean, swimming, surfing, etc. So the chance of me dreaming of a great white shark is very low. 3 the great white shark may also be from the memory of your ancestors who lived in Dominica and were very familiar with ocean creatures.
316	adjudicated	3	With faith in the future melting like an overheated glacier even as contentment with the present evaporates, it’s high time for a sober reassessment of the past. Ten thousand years since turning from the ancient path our ancestors trod forever, it’s time for a scientifically-informed, multidisciplinary look at the effects of this fateful divergence. It’s time to ask what may be the most subversive question of all: Are modern humans, even the most fortunate among us, living significantly better lives than our pre-civilized ancestors? Taken as a whole, is civilization a net gain for individual human beings?
317	adjudicated	3	In this haunting existential novella, author, philosopher, and ecologist Steven L. Peck explores a subversive vision of eternity, taking the reader on a journey through the afterlife of a world where everything everyone believed in turns out to be wrong.
318	adjudicated	2	Are you only reviewing US-based bookies?
319	adjudicated	3	And here's an [article][link] with a booklist-- although you are welcome to google "booklists for white people who want to learn how to not be racist" and find others.Much of what is most popular on reddit is theory that really stands alone or uses examples from a book to illustrate a larger point about criticism as a whole.  For example, if you read something like "The Function of Criticism" by Terry Eagleton, it's literary theory but the bulk of what is written is written to explain a viewpoint about how literary criticism has become a classist endeavor and has ostracised normal people from contributing.  There are a few notes here and there to novels, but it's really a work of its own that should be judged as something closer to a work of literature in its own right.
320	adjudicated	1	Great job! I have a friend who’s absolutely obsessed with dune :)
321	adjudicated	3	A Is false 4 of the papers were published 3 were accepted but not published and 7 were under review.  B Is not an argument, it's an assertion that there are lots of arguments.  
322	adjudicated	3	Thanks for reading our page through carefully and giving feedback. I'll take your advice on and add to the section introducing the meal plan, plant-based people should supplement with Vitamin D a B12 and I'll tweak the meal plan for mentioned days. That will eliminate any issues you brought to concern with the meal plan. That being said, our page educates people further on nutrition and gives fantastic sources such as podcasts, books and youtube videos to ensure they have a full wealth of information. It's important to remember that this is aimed predominantly at those who have never gone plant-based and have likely been eating animal products for some time. As we know, animal products contain carcinogens, unwanted hormones and are often high in cholesterol. This meal plan is a huge improvement on that. Please DM me if you have any further ideas, you clearly have knowledge we could utilise- the idea of the website is to make veganism appealing for people. For that, vegans need to help each other, not sabotage those making an effort to drive change.
323	adjudicated	1	This is a children’s book and it’s self explanatory rules that you are looking for an exact match. “This” does in fact imply that it is that exact picture you must find in the bigger picture. There are multiple anteaters and you can’t just say any one of them counts because they are all anteaters. I’ve said in other comments as well that I’ve done tons of these books with my kids and that’s how it works. You may find something that looks incredibly similar but if you keep looking you find the exact picture. Every single time. My 5 year old was smart enough to notice it was not the same mongoose but I guess a bunch of Redditors weren’t.
324	adjudicated	2	I went into it with a completely NEUTRAL perspective.Unfortunately, despite your best intentions, this is impossible. It is extremely important for researchers to recognize their own bias, because EVERYONE has a bias, no one is immune. Just keep this in mind for the future. I'm planning to make a gigantic research journal about my findings I think you mean a book, or or a long paper (in this case, perhaps a [literature review][link]). Individual do not make their own "research journals", they submit papers to journals so that they can be peer reviewed, and they are almost all periodical (meaning they aren't just one-offs, they are produced on a regular basis like monthly or semi-annual). However, I'm not sure if English is your first language, so this may have been a translation/localization issue (I'm not sure if "journal" can be synonymous with "paper" or "study" in other English-speaking countries, but I haven't heard them used that way in international journals).
325	adjudicated	3	With penetrating insight that belies her youth, Packer helps us see the world with a clearer vision. Drinking Coffee Elsewhere is a striking performance—fresh, versatile, and captivating.
326	adjudicated	4	The Last Act Of Love by Cathy Rentzenbrink is a wonderful book about losing a sibling.The Louise Rennison series of Georgia Nicholson diaries might be just silly enough (in the best way) to make you smile.Sending you all my sympathy for your sad loss.
327	adjudicated	1	Wow - my husband travels for work regularly… can you teach him?!?! With that many kids, some laundry done would be great. I wouldn’t even care about the rest if you took over and let me have a bath and read a book in peace before you left and made sure the grocery shopping was done.
328	adjudicated	4	Your time, quality time together; a day at the spa; a weekend away; Stuff she likes, maybe novels/books; maybe wine; coffee gift cards; restaurant gift cards; a new pet; jewelry; tickets to events that she's into;
329	adjudicated	2	Maybe not the biggest goal, but a little pipe dream I have. There is a tiny shop on a side street near my house, it was a book shop once upon a time. It's a florist at the moment but I'd love to one day open it up as a little used book shop! I'm sure I would never make any money but I could read and talk about books if anyone actually came up the street to browse in it.
330	adjudicated	3	Traditionally, the term "Classics," with a capital C, has been understood as referring to ancient, pre-Christian Greek and Latin literature. However, recently -- say over the past century or two -- people who study ancient Greek and Latin seem to have become steadily more and more interested in other ancient languages, as well as Latin and Greek written in later periods.Throughout the history of Christianity, there has been a strong interest in Hebrew. Recently, Classicists have also become more interested in Coptic and Syriac and Armenian and Persian and Arabic, all languages with a great relevance for the study of early Christianty. The current tendency in Classical studies seems to be toward a broader field of interest, often crossing the line into other fields of study.
331	adjudicated	1	Well you see, u/hexagon33 though I understand your thinking…..as to why you no longer believe the entity that visited you was a demon disguising as the Archangel Michael…..but I wouldn’t let my guard down yet if I were you!You see, Angels typically work “behind the scenes”, meaning they do Gods work in a more “background approach”. They can disguise themselves as whoever they want….usually (according to numerous accounts I’ve read) they will look like a street walker, a homeless person…or just someone who you originally wouldn’t think of as an Angel …..unless you had a conversation with them.  It’s not back in Biblical times where men see burning bushes that speak the word of God.  We live in an age where chaos, pain, sickness, and depression are the norm.  So that homeless man or that Gothic teenager you see all alone looking like they need help….might just be an Angel in disguise.  You never know!  That’s why it’s always important to help those who need help if you can…..and learn not to judge a book just by it’s cover!
332	adjudicated	3	For eighteen years, Bruce Bueno de Mesquita and Alastair Smith have been part of a team revolutionizing the study of politics by turning conventional wisdom on its head. They start from a single assertion: Leaders do whatever keeps them in power. They don't care about the "national interest"--or even their subjects--unless they have to. This clever and accessible book shows that the difference between tyrants and democrats is just convenient fiction. Governments do not differ in kind but only in the number of essential supporters, or backs that need scratching. The size of this group determines almost everything about politics: what leaders can get away with, and the quality of life or misery under them. The picture the authors paint is not pretty. But it just may be the truth, which is a good starting point for anyone seeking to improve human governance.
333	adjudicated	1	Thanks for saying this. Hopefully not oversharing, but I'm dxed DID. I've seen that they're throwing DBT at DID now. I'm deeply worried for the people ending up in those skills classes, especially if they have comorbid Borderline (which is common). I know from experience the skills don't do pretty much anything...and literature supports that.They really need to come up with different modalities that don't involve throwing behavioral therapy at every dx and hoping it sticks.
334	adjudicated	3	you should  be participating in a scene that is happening now. If you set it up to happen in the future or past it will always be happening in the future or past and you will never experience it in reality.I think this is wrong. While technically it should be true, that what you desire will happen as is. So logically, if you want something and you impress your subconscious with wanting that thing then you should forever keep wanting that thing instead of you *having* that thing which is our actual desired result. I was thinking hard about it and the answer became clear when reading the JMsb literature. The Law isn’t the only Law. There are many forces of nature acting on everything. And your desire is the same. Many forces act on your desire and of course the Law wins in the end. But, sometimes merely wanting also wins. Because presumably there is also a law that says [quote]. Which is why even if you persist in breaking every single law to impress your subconscious with “i want this” the law of “what you want will come true” will win and you will end up receiving your desire. 
335	adjudicated	2	Again, I'll ask you " I’m curious who you think put you in charge of controlling Carey’s drug and alcohol use?"  You seem self-appointed to me, but please correct me if I'm wrong. Actually, I do care about my community, I care deeply.  I frankly find it offensive that you insinuate otherwise.  I also care about the rights of human beings, and don't believe they should be committed just because someone doesn't like the way they are choosing to live their life.  Everyone has rights, but you have no right to violate the rights of anyone else.  In case you wondered ( I doubt you do, your posts indicate someone who is so busy talking that they can't listen), AA doesn't try to control people or force them to do anything.  Here's a partial list of things AA does not do, from a pamphlet published by AA titled [Information on Alcoholics Anonymous][outside link]* Furnish initial motivation for alcoholics to recover.* Solicit members.* Follow up or try to control its members.* Make medical or psychological diagnoses or prognoses.AA has a 7th tradition that we are self supporting through our own contributions.  AA does not [quote]  Your statement that [quote] is exactly why.  We don't want to be obligated to anyone-someone gives us something, and the next thing you know, they want something in return or they're on social media claiming to "sponsor" AA. Trust me, we don't need your help.
336	adjudicated	2	If amc hits $145, I'll buy their overpriced concessions popcorn and maybe even watch a movie.
337	adjudicated	3	Even that great bastion of misogyny, Wikipedia, mentions this (see highlighted section).In her 2020 treatise on [domestic violence][link]*See What You Made Me Do*, Australian journalist Jess Hill described the syndrome as a "dubious pathology with no diagnostic criteria", and stated that it is "riddled with misogyny and founded on a lie"; she also noted that a 2008 [literature review][link] revealed that "most diagnoses \[of Stockholm syndrome\] are made by the media, not by psychologists or psychiatrists". In particular, Hill's analysis revealed that Stockholm authorities — under direct guidance from Bejerot — so badly mismanaged their response to the robbery that the hostages were at greater risk from the police than from their captors (hostage Kristin Enmark, who during the siege was granted a phone call with Swedish Prime Minister [Olof Palme][link], reported that Palme told her that the government would not negotiate with criminals, and that "you will have to content yourself that you will have died at your post"); as well, **she observed that not only was Bejerot's diagnosis of Enmark made without ever having spoken to her, it was in direct response to her public criticism of his actions during the siege**.
338	adjudicated	2	If you buy hosting on Wordpress, hosting should be about $100 for 2 or 3 years.
339	adjudicated	1	You think fantasy football scout are wrong, bookies are wrong and stats are wrong, but your hunch is somehow more valid. You might wanna rethink who's the clown here.
340	adjudicated	3	Some authors that I see on Instagram come off as unbelievably self-centered and mostly post about their skin care routine and vacationsWhy is that self-centered? It makes the author relatable to an audience that presumably is also interested in skincare and vacations - which is the point of having a professional social media presence. Giving viewers what they want is the opposite of self-centered. It honestly kinda seems like you're mad because this content doesn't cater to your personal interests.I think booktubers and booktok are more powerful in some genres vs others. e.g. YA has a big presence in both areas, as do the thriller and romance genres, but something like lit fic less so. I tend to follow new releases in the genre I'm interested in via various media outlets. I get recommendations on r/fantasy and r/truelit, as well as the occasional recommendation from a friend. I used to browse bookstores and pick up books based on cover and first pages, but since the pandemic I've had a lot less opportunity to do so. Now I think word of mouth is even more important to me than before.
341	adjudicated	3	The Alexandrian Society is a secret society of magical academicians, the best in the world. Their members are caretakers of lost knowledge from the greatest civilizations of antiquity. And those who earn a place among their number will secure a life of wealth, power, and prestige beyond their wildest dreams. Each decade, the world’s six most uniquely talented magicians are selected for initiation – and here are the chosen few...
342	adjudicated	3	You might want to do a little research on research. [outside link]
343	adjudicated	2	For more gender and sexuality and Etiquette stuff online scarleteen.com is excellent but kind of Books and zines about ethics compassion or being a good person (I have not read all of these):[link] a terrible website layout. Push through it's great all ages stuff.
344	adjudicated	2	What literature are you using to support these arguments? It sounds like you are saying repressed memories are not real,  so when you decide they are real, you call them something else. The argument doesn't make very much sense if you know memories are recovered. I would look at current literature (not from the 90s) to see how true recovered memories are distinguished from less credible recovered memories.
345	adjudicated	1	You can't post on r/bookscirclejerk if you don't post essays on r/truelit!You know I was a mod of that sub for a day or 3? Couldn't fucking stand it, because I hate books, so I resigned. They're right on the money.
346	adjudicated	1	Thank you. That's what they have me on. 4 rounds of BEP, so far. They're still trying to find out the primary cause of the tumor.But it's massive so they're scheduling me pretty heavily on treatment. 40 hours on, 3 weeks off. 4 rounds of that. I think it's actually starting to hit me. Like...how sick I really am, when I thought I was healthy a few weeks ago. Crazy how life changes!I have some protein drinks and I was going to buy myself a cooler and make a couple veggie meat, veggie/hummus wraps. Just to see if I can handle it. Not sure what my body will do until we get there. :2I have a ton of books, and coloring books and colored pencils for years. Lol. I find it calming so it'll help out a lot when treatment starts.
347	adjudicated	2	This book has been suggested 16 times
348	adjudicated	2	I'll go over some of these, but to do all is quite long.
349	adjudicated	2	No we can still convert, we just can’t cut him and have it come off the books. It’s guaranteed but it’s still convertible.
350	adjudicated	1	ngl it's hilarious how communities need to migrate from sub to sub to flee the unwashed low-brow hordes
351	adjudicated	3	Reminder - The crow who posted this thread has made it a (No Spoilers) thread.  This scope covers NO story elements of ASOIAF or "Game of Thrones" per [Rule 3.3]([link].  Any discussion of the story of the books or the show must use [an appropriate spoiler tag][link] such as (Spoilers Main) or (Spoilers Published).Threads about r/asoiaf (meta topics) will be removed at moderator discretion.
352	adjudicated	1	You are also making assumptions about the TYPE of reading that is happening. For instance, I devour books like candy. However, if you ask me a month later to describe the book, or name a character (haha, can't do that even while reading it!), or even name the books I just read, I won't be able to do it. I am not reading for deep comprehension or memory here - truly just reading for a cheap thrill of immersing myself in this world, borrowing the emotional thrills, and turning off the rest of my brain for a bit.
353	adjudicated	1	I’m gonna have to pass I’m in between jobs rn so I can’t really buy any books right now :/
354	adjudicated	2	There are cutscenes that came out today in game that are covered in the novel. There are no other spoilers and nothing for future content, it appears.
355	adjudicated	1	Look at this literary fuck. No BCJ mods are allowed to mod here, that would be like a r/bookscirclejerk mod also moderating r/truelit - that's just creepy.
356	adjudicated	3	You need to ask in more specialist subreddits, like /r/truelit /r/literature or /r/askphilosophy, as /r/books can't handle topics outside the mainstream
357	adjudicated	2	[outside link]I am the one person who wrote this review, in what feels like a lifetime ago. I hope you find this useful. If you have any questions or want to discuss more, I would be happy to correspond with you. 
358	adjudicated	3	No clue why you're being downvoted. A friend of mine is a professional author and has met Sanderson, and while she mentions that he does have an exceptional work ethic, it's also widely known in the writing business that he has a huge team of beta readers and editors who provids the infrastructure for the pace of his work. I'm also writing my first novel, and if I could just spit out first drafts and have someone else polish them that would more than double my writing speed. But you have to build up to that level of success, no one starts there.
359	adjudicated	1	You don't know what strawman means. ... metaphorical kind.Do you even realize that's what you're doing? All you can do is attack me. And all you can do is attack studies. Instead of actually responding to the medical information and histology. 
360	adjudicated	1	Interpret it in such a way that it could never apply in real life. It's honestly super funnyI really don't understand this lol. this commandment is supposed to be directly from Yahweh himself, the perfect creator of the universe, no? so the Jewish scholars took initiative and "interpreted" the commandment into oblivion? isn't this the same as accepting that Torah has no divine origin, and came from the limited moral opinions of the people who wrote it? because otherwise "interpreting God's word so that it cannot be applied" would be a horrific sin?it seems that even the Jewish scholars agree that Torah should be studied strictly as a compliation of literature, and not as commands from the God Yahweh? Judaism sounds like a book club rather than a religion lol I'm really confused :D(apologies if this sounds mocking, I'm just failing to understand)
361	adjudicated	2	Truelit and truefilm are good though.
362	adjudicated	2	Really earning my TrueLit street cred this week by reading a big pseudo-academic history and analysis of The Simpsons called *Planet Simpson: How a cartoon masterpiece documented an era and defined a generation* by Chris Turner. Imagine if David Foster Wallace was obsessed with The Simpsons. More accessible than Wallace and less academic, of course, but clearly written by someone who enjoys that sort of writing. It’s sprawling and surprisingly intelligent.
363	adjudicated	3	Some books are translated in Italian but not many and they are not easy to find because they are not directly edited by Black Library. Recently Alanera Edizione has started to translate some classics: [outside link]
364	adjudicated	1	Because muh book say he bad so he bad \s
365	adjudicated	1	Gotta give it to them, mate. They're one heck of a physical, robust, strong team. Kinda reminds me of the movie 300.
366	adjudicated	2	Putin confused the words "soul" and "life" for the same reason Trump said "Corinthians Two" (the book is Second Corinthians): neither are in any way a Christian (which means Christ like) and neither know the Bible as anything more than a prop.  And Putin doesn't understand a soul because he likely sold his a long time ago. He makes me hope for a hell even though I don't believe in one.  Oh and reports now in they attacked a retirement home with elderly folks killing 58 (doesn't break down residents versus staff).  This per NYT.
367	adjudicated	2	If you had any evidence, that statement would be quite useful for the conversation.
368	adjudicated	1	WOW we’re really all job searching rn. i am as well and it’s been going better than expected but still—i’m exhausted—i’m finding it v hard to escape into a book b/c of the uncertainty and pressure that permeates everythingi did finish vol. 1 of _in search of lost time_ last monday though and…wow. i felt saturated in the loveliest and most sensitive, searching, inquisitive, reflective prose. cannot think of a better first book for 2022! the combination of self-reflectiveness and perceptive social observation and sharp depiction of social class is really compelling. will sit down w/ my highlights and share some of my favourite bits in a future truelit thread, i think.since finishing that (i’m waiting until feb to start the next volume, esp since i have a jan 31 deadline for a freelance writing project) i’ve been reading a nonfiction book, jan gehl’s _cities for people_ (2010). gehl is a danish architect/urbanist who’s worked on a number of projects around public space, urban planning, research, etc in copenhagen, nyc, london, melbourne, &amp; elsewhere. a somewhat repetitive read but v good if you’re an anti-car pro-cyclist pro-pedestrian type, love old european cities, fan of jane jacobs. the way he integrates human factors knowledge into urban planning—e.g. things about how people perceive visual scenes, our range of vision looking above/below eye level, and how that impacts the location &amp; quantity of visual detail needed in a city to make walking around interesting—is v v cool and something i haven’t encountered before. i’m not at all formally educated in this space but i love reading about arch/urban/city topics. idgaf about cottagecore, when will citycore be a thing, all i want is to spend my life in a densely populated metropolis w/ reliable buses…!
369	adjudicated	1	I love that in every previous movie he kills someone using a helicopter at least once!
370	adjudicated	3	 Reminds me of this thread: [outside link]You should read *The Seven Basic Plots*. It lays out a theory that there are only seven basic narrative plots in all of storytelling - frameworks that are recycled again and again in fiction but populated by different settings, characters, and conflicts. Those seven types of story are:1. Overcoming The Monster2. Rags to Riches3. The Quest4. Voyage and Return5. Tragedy6. Comedy7. Rebirth  Keywords: Human skull, taphonomy, ritual, Anatolia, Pre-Pottery Neolithic, carving (A) Location of Göbekli Tepe in southeast Turkey (Upper Mesopotamia). (B) Overview of excavated areas, showing find locations of skull 1 (a), skull 2 (b), and skull 3 (c). Credit: Erhan Küçük, Göbekli Tepe Archive, German Archaeological Institute (DAI). (C) Impression of the monumental round-oval buildings with their characteristic T-shaped monolithic pillars. Credit: Nico Becker, Göbekli Tepe Archive, DAI.  The three modified skulls from Göbekli Tepe represent an entirely new category of find, which testifies to the interaction of the living with the dead at this important Early Neolithic ritual center. These skulls, most likely removed from the postcranium in the frame of secondary burial rites, attest to the special postmortem treatment of certain individuals at Göbekli Tepe. Special status of the individuals could have been emphasized through the application of decorative elements to the crania, which were then displayed (also suspended) at designated points around the site. At present, it is unknown whether these treatments were performed in the frame of ritual activities in the monumental buildings or were brought to the ritual center from settlement sites within its catchment.
371	adjudicated	2	Also, much like Alan Moore Swamp Thing, Al Ewing Immortal Hulk is a great book.
372	adjudicated	1	I'm sorry, but making fun of posts and posters here is not "meta". Like, no shade at all, I do it too, but there's lots of good reasons why every big sub has a separate circlejerk sub. Normal people don't shit where they eat.
373	adjudicated	1	They are purposefully injecting dangerous pro pitbull propaganda into children's toys, media, and books. It pisses me off, given pitbulls are the number one dog breed to seriously **maim** children.
374	adjudicated	3	I'm not sure if I completely agree with this. There's a not of lesbian feminist literature about feeling like you aren't a woman because of being a lesbian or about being a lesbian first and a woman second, if at all, and literature about only relating to womanhood through being a lesbian. I'm not saying lesbians aren't women, but the writing has been there for decades by lesbians about an alienation from womanhood and the rejection of womanhood as defined by the patriarchy. Whether or not you agree, it *has* been there in discussion about what a woman really is when she does not exist as how women are defined by society at large.
375	adjudicated	3	How does r/TrueLit actually think of J. R. R. Tolkien's work? I thought it's the most bizarre thing to discuss here, so I've been hesitant to ask this. Of course, I'll never put Tolkien as the same level as writers as Pynchon, Faulkner or McCarthy in any way. But whenever I read Edmund Wilson's terrible review rampant with ad hominems and even spelling errors for character names, I grimace a lot.
376	adjudicated	2	Don't be hesitant to drop it. Be honest with yourself. It's ok, no one is going to judge you. While DE is a phenomenal RPG, it's clearly not everyone's cup of tea. I might anger a lot of people here, but it is pretty niche and definitely not the norm to like DE. Drawn by the critical acclaim, me and my friends all had a try at DE.One guy played the intro sequence, got confused and just dropped the game. Another one went to the hanged body (still didn't understand the intro sequence) failed a bunch of checks which made him feel confused and powerless, leading him to quit as well. I was the only guy amongst my friends to really gush over the game. But I must admit, the initial confusion was a hard one to overcome. It's almost like I lost all my memory after a rough night of partying. You might say that is brilliant set up because the protagonist and the player is suppose to be confused. But that appreciation comes after you get over the confusion after reading walls of texts you don't quite understand.This is because DE has a lot of problems as a conventional game. For one, it has a very discouraging and confusing action/reward feedback loop, as demonstrated by my friends' experiences. I have many other reasons why I consider DE to be a poor conventional game. If I was a game designer, and someone pitched this game to me, I'd call them crazy, uneducated in game design, or blinded by stubborn uncompromising vision. 
377	adjudicated	2	Alternatively, theoretical vs. empirical contribution to the literature
378	adjudicated	3	You may find what you want in r/TrueLit
379	adjudicated	1	I agree with you. I enjoyed some parts of the book and others I skimmed. I give her credit for being a bone fide writer. Untamed is not my typical read, I picked it up on a whim.
380	adjudicated	2	They love mocking others for not loving "real" books but there's also no indication that they actually love these "real" books. You are on r/TrueLit so I assume you are proficient in reading.
381	adjudicated	1	Yeah, besides his book, he's been giving me a bit of coaching through Facebook DMs
382	adjudicated	3	Except these are mostly Asian bookies. The Premier League is popular for them because it gets around advertising regulations relatively cheaply..Basically, the Premier League is to Asian bookies what Formula 1 was to tobacco brands in the 1980s and 90s.
383	adjudicated	1	I'd also call this a plot inconsistency, not a plot hole.
384	adjudicated	2	What did you think talent books were for
385	adjudicated	3	You still can't even respond to “what I and others have actually said about Morris's paper”. Don't think it goes unnoticed. All you can do is try to defend Morris the person, **not the paper**.You can't discuss the actual subject matter, so all you can do is try to say this and that about the person.And you still can't respond to the multitude of papers that I've given. You know, the actual medical information from a broad range of sources and authors. And a broad range of information, including studies and histology. All pointing towards negative effects from multiple directions.
386	adjudicated	2	I'm sorry, but have you seen Dominic Keating nowadays? He looks like my grandma. A few scenes with the original cast, nicely de-aged (Luke Skywalker in The Book of Boba Fett) would work; or a show that would pick up in the 2170s, thus allowing the original cast to be the age they are.
387	adjudicated	1	I moved to the UK from the US five years ago. I rented a room from a nice lady when I first arrived and about a week in the lightbulb in the table lamp went out. No biggie, I thought, I'll just change the bulb. What ensued was an hour of trying to unscrew that @*#!ing lightbulb. No one told me that there were different lightbulbs in the UK! Once I figured that out I was able to replace the bulb and...it still didn't work. I felt awful. I'd been in this poor woman's house for a week and had already managed to break something. When she got home that night I shamefully showed her the lamp and promised to buy her a new one. At which point she told me that the lamp just needed a new fuse. What the actual f*@k??? Seriously, they need to put these things in the tour guide books.
388	adjudicated	2	Written in rich, seductive prose, this novel contains senses and the experience.
389	adjudicated	3	Respiratory depression[Respiratory depression][link] is a major risk with opioids, especially those that have activity at the [mu-opioid receptor][link]. This is the leading cause of death from opioid use.[link] In animal studies using high doses, mitragynine caused respiratory  depression, but less than morphine or codeine at similar dose ranges. As of 2014, the respiratory effects of kratom and its main bioactive components had not been studied in people. Over 18 months in 2016 and 2017, 152 overdose deaths involving  kratom were reported in the United States, with kratom as the primary  overdose agent in 91 of the deaths, and 7 with kratom being the only  agent detected.[link] Nine deaths occurred in Sweden during 2010–11 relating to use of *Krypton*, a mixture of kratom, caffeine and [O-desmethyltramadol][link], a prescription opioid analgesic. 
390	adjudicated	3	This work cannot be replaced, and it is used to complement the original work. It is a digestive work to stimulate the appetite and encourage readers to enjoy and appreciate the original work even further.
391	adjudicated	1	I think I misunderstood you lol. I'm a little high. I took this as you finding a book or something that talked about these kinds of relationship dynamics seriously. “It started out as two single people with an interest in this lifestyle. When we met we started learning about what our roles required.”We’re kinda new idk if we’re doing something wrong but it sometimes feels like it. Were both kinda submissive but she’s a switch 
392	adjudicated	1	I feel like at the core I’m the same person, but also that my life is very different. I’m more calm, more authoritative, more thorough, more productive, and more exhausted (lol) than I ever was pre-baby. But I still enjoy the same activities, I still rarely leave my house even when I can, I still stay up too late watching my favorite shows, I still hate exercise, I still eat kids food (Mac n cheese, chicken nuggets, basic pastas, etc) just now I’m making extra, I still listen to the same music (no cocomelon for me) and I still love the same people I loved before. Except I love this new person with a fierceness and a completeness I never had experienced before. Pregnancy and parenthood are very different and transformative experiences, but I’m the same me going through it. I’m just *more* than I was before. There’s parts of my old life that I miss (sleeping, drinking a bit too much, staying out late, binge-watching a show all weekend, reading books quietly in the morning) but I know that I’ll get to do all those things again in 15 years or so. So I’m not grieving that life, it’s just on hold for a bit while I chase around my toddler and play games and wake up early.
393	adjudicated	4	No. We take to many short cuts and let to much slide buy.Irish water a sh1t show stank of corruption Children's hospital. Over priced and in the wrong place no parking.Fire trap apartments Banks cooking the books.Pyrite and mica in homes.Do you really want a nuclear power plant here?
394	adjudicated	2	I’m pre-med and got into UCLA for cellular and molecular biology, but I also want to minor in something like literature, classics, or mathematics. Is that realistic at this school? I know some schools accommodate putting two drastically different subjects together like this and some do not, so I wanted to ask. Also, I got accepted into UCSD for the same major, and while I like pretty much everything about UCLA as far as location and culture much more, I hear there are more research opportunities and internships for my major at ucsd and the program itself is ranked higher. Do you have any advice for choosing one over the other? Also would it be a good idea to bring my car (to UCLA, that is)? I live close enough that driving home for a weekend here and there would be realistic but I’m not sure if it’s worth it because I’m not super super close.
395	adjudicated	3	Please ask /r/truelit. They talk about that book daily. You will be helped.
396	adjudicated	3	Chosen by John Updike as a Today Show Book Club Pick. Already an award-winning writer, Packer now shares with us her debut, Drinking Coffee Elsewhere. Her impressive range and talent are abundantly evident: Packer dazzles with her command of language, surprising and delighting us with unexpected turns and indelible images, as she takes us into the lives of characters on the periphery, unsure of where they belong. We meet a Brownie troop of black girls who are confronted with a troop of white girls; a young man who goes with his father to the Million Man March and must decides where his allegiance lies; an international group of drifters in Japan, who are starving, unable to find work; a girl in a Baltimore ghetto who has dreams of the larger world she has seen only on the screens in the television store nearby, where the Lithuanian shopkeeper holds out hope for attaining his own American Dream.
397	adjudicated	2	You’re a voracious reader. Much too ambitious for my tastes. This question is a bit above my head, though maybe check with r/books ? Or r/truelit if you want the opinion of misogynists and people who call others retarded for not agreeing with them.
398	adjudicated	1	i haven’t rly used it :( had so many dolls and a dollhouse of it though, liked the movies, and probably read [this](https://www.thriftbooks.com/w/ghoulfriends-til-the-end_gitty-daneshvari/8898327/item/6588229/?gclid=CjwKCAjwoduRBhA4EiwACL5RP4zpdOjoT73Rwh3pKXu0ViPUlW9eGKfKTYzgxqDpQ7XU2rkgPdh4CxoCSe4QAvD_BwE#isbn=0316222518&amp;idiq=6588229) book twice
399	adjudicated	2	They’re lucky I’m here to correct them.[outside link].
400	adjudicated	1	Yeah, if you look through CFS posts and literature that's actually a pretty common thing. There was even a guy who "cured" his CFS by injecting himself repeatedly with a vaccine....they no longer make that particular vax though. I think it was Swedish.
401	adjudicated	3	Spirit policies are crap for this. Next time book a full service airline — they are all offering free changes now. 
402	adjudicated	1	This is the  one I have waited to read by R Lee Smith. I read some of her stuff years ago and wrote reviews on Goodreads and seriously after every one of her books 1- whoa 2- book hangover for weeks 3- will I ever be the same human again lolol 😂
403	adjudicated	1	MUST WE AGE?
404	adjudicated	1	This movie has one of my favorite endings, it’s just so satisfying!
405	adjudicated	3	Its actually incredibly rareIn her 2019 treatise on [domestic violence][outside link] *See What You Made Me Do*, Australian journalist Jess Hill described the syndrome as a "dubious pathology with no diagnostic criteria", and stated that it is "riddled with misogyny and founded on a lie"; she also noted that a 2008 [literature review][outside link] revealed that "most diagnoses \[of Stockholm syndrome\] are made by the media, not by psychologists or psychiatrists."
406	adjudicated	1	Hah, I like to read complaints that are witty, sarcastic, and overall funny, or do some clever wordplays. On the other hand, there are some that probably belong to the more serious subreddits like arrwriting, arrbooks, truelit and so forth, especially the extra snobbish comments about how X author / X book is trash in an ironic manner. As much as sometimes we feel writing is out jerking wcj, some comments in here feel like they belong there not here. For example, the guy who was making funny reviews about pirate books, Dan Brown etc. - it was a pleasure to read. A guy who just repeats [quote], idk, that's not very "jerky". 
407	adjudicated	1	I could understand your rant if the company had ever bothered to notify customers that their phones would stop working prior to YESTERDAY, but they didn't. You say that you work in retail electronics, so of course YOU would know about this upcoming change, but most customers of Lifeline service don't exactly sit around and read wireless trade literature.  In fact, and I don't mean to be condescending but it's just a fact, many Lifeline customers probably don't even speak English as their first language, or they may have other literacy issues.  Remember, this is a program for low income people, and those are the people least likely to have heard about this from some other source.  And even if they somehow had heard about it, they still may not have known it applied to them, and may have reasonably expected that their provider would let them know if it did.
408	adjudicated	1	Probably a sign that it's time to drop the nap. Plenty still do quiet time for an hour or so if you're not ready to give up the mid day break. Lol usually it's just time spent in their room playing with quiet toys or looking at books.
409	adjudicated	3	In Factfulness, Professor of International Health and global TED phenomenon Hans Rosling, together with his two long-time collaborators, Anna and Ola, offers a radical new explanation of why this happens. They reveal the ten instincts that distort our perspective—from our tendency to divide the world into two camps which are usually some version of us and them to the way people consume media to how we perceive progress.
410	adjudicated	1	Don't buy into that, you have personal experience. I know it's confusing, and their title carries weight. But the truth is they really are just guessing. It's always a shot in the dark. I've yet to have good results. Once it it's "good" my body starts to fuck up. Be real. Sometimes it's needed, sometimes they convince you it is and all of a sudden...you're worse than before. At least in my experience. Learn about yourself. There's LOTS of available literature on disease treatment etc. They're running off. Like, you have a solid chance of knowing better than them if you just read what's available and match it with your own experience. Learn to be honest with yourself first of course, but if you're just reading off WebMD well yeah you're gonna start to fill every box they set. That's how people are
411	adjudicated	3	I think that’s “All My Friends Are Dead” [link]
412	adjudicated	3	I posted the initial announcement on TrueLit. Might do a reminder post on the weekly reading thread next week as we get started.
413	adjudicated	2	Ready Player One. Just listing every 90s pop culture reference you can think of does not a novel make.
414	adjudicated	1	I had a temp job in an office once for a week. No one ever brought me any work to do.  I just read books all day
415	adjudicated	1	Happens at every customer service job, it’s definitely rude for them to lean over to look at you after that but like others said it might be to see if you seem mad. Has never bothered me tbh…, it’s usually fun and harmless to gossip a bit and it gets you through the day. I was a customer before working here too and as an anxious person I’m sort of appreciative bc now I know how to order correctly and what’s difficult, what’s not, etc. I cringe at myself thinking I’ve most likely been THAT customer before and probably will be again some other place. Customer service absolutely teaches you patience, how to disconnect or maintain certain emotions, and not to judge books by their covers, but most of us have to let off some stress or joke around to actually enjoy it. They should have been way more subtle/tactful about it and it will hopefully also teach em to be more careful lol, don’t let it get to you op can 99% guarantee you they were like “oh shit I said that over speaker!!!”
416	adjudicated	1	Nah, it's just easier for people to communicate on what that book means by the day, instead of relying on whatever conclusion you've been told to have at church.
417	adjudicated	1	Really anything by Terry Pratchett would fit the bill. Despite being in the same universe they are all stand alone books. Some of my faves are Small Gods, Going Postal, and Monstrous Regiment. Good Omens with Neil Gaimen.
418	adjudicated	1	😂😂😂 I am dying! I used to quote this movie all the time and no one would know what I was talking about lol!
419	adjudicated	1	Number three is my quilt. It has Angelina fibers as part of the sunset and clouds, it is entitled “desert camouflage” – can you find the javelina, hawk, lizard, road Runner, or quail?The technique is from Karen Eckmeier and her book called Accidental Landscapes. Check her out on YouTube!
420	adjudicated	3	Why did the mountain clansmen travel down to King's Landing with Tyrion? And why do they obey him? I was under the assumption that they just wanted their steel, and were holding Tyrion ransom in Book 1. Now in ACOK, they seem to be just hanging about in King's Landing, doing Tyrion's bidding. The blacksmiths are working on some chain, and the clansmen aren't mad at Tyrion that they're not making the weapons that were promised?
421	adjudicated	1	You should take over, read the books, do the YouTube and become the best god damn BBQ'er your house has ever seen
422	adjudicated	1	This sounds very awesome and gets a special Spot on the turn-on-literature-shelf (:
423	adjudicated	2	I take snippets or exercises from books and bring them together, they can help in special situations or with my general point of view. For example, I wanted to so something new with my career, so I read Barbara Shers [quote]. Didn't help that big with the career at that time, but I really liked the idea of it. It helped me to look at decisions, things, people in situations or problems from another point of view. I don't know what to do - what would be the ideal thing? What else would I consider important or great or being the greatest impact to this situation? How do I perceive people who were in a similar situation and have a positive outcome etc etc
424	adjudicated	1	If you look at Jinger's Instagram and scroll way back to May 30th 2017 (about the tenth oldest photo on her Insta) you will find the legendary photo of Jeremy in a library, with the caption, "Jeremy loves books. I love Jeremy. Now I love books. 😍 📚"
425	adjudicated	3	It's a reference from the book 1984 by George Orwell, where the ministry of truth handles all literature and other written documents to fact check it, so it fits their agenda.
426	adjudicated	3	Two-up is a traditional Australian gambling game, involving a designated "spinner" throwing two coins or pennies into the air. Players bet on whether the coins will fall with both heads up, both tails up, or with one coin a head and one a tai, known as Ewan. It is traditionally played on Anzac Day in pubs and clubs throughout Australia, in part to mark a shared experience with Diggers through the ages. The game is traditionally played with pennies – their weight, size, and surface design make them ideal for the game.
427	adjudicated	2	I think I'm a little more sympathetic to him than you - I agree with what you're saying re: his actions, but my read on him is that he's making it because he knows the rules and plays by them and he lacks sympathy for Oscar who is a dilettante. There's also a question of jealousy and Christine between these two, but that's so far totally implicit, if it actually exists.
428	adjudicated	3	/r/books /r/booksuggestions /r/bookclub /r/TrueLit /r/YAlit
429	adjudicated	3	This is the story of Arno Strine, a modest temporary typist, who has perfected the knack of stopping time in its tracks and taking women's clothes off. He is hard at work on his autobiography. Hilarious and totally original, Nicholson Baker's new novel is a triumphant comedy about sexual fantasy and fantastic sexuality.
430	adjudicated	3	[outside link] Set in Prague, The Maimed relates the story of a highly neurotic, socially inept bank clerk who is eventually impelled by his widowed landlady into servicing her sexual appetites. At the same time he must witness the steady physical and mental deterioration of his lifelong friend who is suffering from an unnamed disease. Part psychological farce, Ungar tells a dark, ironic tale of chaos overtaking one's meticulously ordered life.One of only two novels Ungar wrote, this translation marks the first time this important novel and any of his work has been translated into English. Ungar's novellas and short stories are collected in 
431	adjudicated	3	Yes it’s impossible to practice but if you are intellectually challenged or 15 years old it sounds good.One smart person in history named Rothbard wrote some good literature on how anarchism would work but for every missing variable he plugged in “humans are rational and will also just follow the nap for some reason”, so his entire work is impractical. It’s just a great thought experiment.
432	adjudicated	1	Definitely do The Leeds Method (spreadsheet version) to see how it comes out and what surname patterns you find in their trees.
433	adjudicated	3	Have you considered trying one of the other book subs? I like r/TrueLit . It has nowhere near as many members as r/books, but I still find the discussions there more interesting. You could also try r/literature if you are looking for another option.
434	adjudicated	3	I've heard mixed answers to that question.  Apparently Joseph Smith was extremely anti-Christian because, well, they laughed the loudest at his nonsense.  In an attempt to be unique and separate from them I believe he taught they were not Christian.  As far as I could tell from living in Idaho for a few years, it depends who you ask.  But even those who insist on not considering their religion a sect of Christianity can't deny the fact that their book is an addition to the Bible.  Critics will say it's straight plagiarized and then tweaked over time to fit whatever the current prophet is saying.  That said, I honestly don't know exactly; but I have yet to meet anybody who names Mormonism specifically in a "major religious sects" list as we would Judaism, Islam, Christianity, Buddhism, Hinduism, Taoism, etc. 
435	adjudicated	2	All the funny lore details during the world quidditch cup.SPEW.The cleaning of the Black's house. The Pensieve memories about Voldy (all of them).Dobby between the CoS and his death.=Charlie and Bill. And Ginny. And in general, every Weasley kids, even obnoxious Percy, who are all much more characterized in the books, and so much more endearing. As is Sirius, by the way.And a lot more I forget, of course.
436	adjudicated	1	Real answer: this arc isn’t a continuation of this novel and idk how op thought that that was the case
437	adjudicated	1	I like a little bit of everything, honestly! I would say I usually gravitate toward dramas and I enjoy a sci-fi element a lot. For books I really like the r/truelit type of stuff but I also enjoy contemporary fiction.
438	adjudicated	1	THE HUNGER GAMES BEFORE THE MOVIE?
439	adjudicated	2	I am using goodreads for my tbr file and add recommendations from reddit and other places. I generally use google to find book ideas when I'm in the mood for particular subgenres or stories.
440	adjudicated	3	There’s already r/RSbookclub, and r/TrueLit is the only other decent place on reddit
441	adjudicated	2	Where did you read the novel, I've been looking can't find it.
442	adjudicated	3	Arbitrary ranking of needs, these are almost all equally important:1. Tenderness and support while I build my empire.2. Consistent sex and affection. 3. Complimentary aesthetic tastes and sensibilities- I put in effort to not look like a slob in public and she still looks better than me. 4. A moral code (religious or not, idc) she actually follows even when it’s socially inconvenient-her friends are a sounding board but not the source of all her opinions.5. Cultured and actively curious about learning more about the world in a broad range of fields from science to music to art to literature.
443	adjudicated	1	Volume, direction, ema, sma. That's, quite literally, all you need if you are able to think fast and react quickly. Day trading is meant to be in and out with 0.5-3%gains (rarely more), and cutting your losses extremely quickly (within 0-0.5%). On average, I'd say I make about 10-20 trades a day. The first 3/4 are in and out because price action isn't there yet but volume is high and there could possibly be a trend so I try and price in accordingly. I'm a market open and near market close trader  because I prefer to play with price action and volume(so 9:30-11am and 2-4pm generally).EMA/SMA for support/resistance levelsVolume, candles, order books, and ticker list to include QQQ, SPY, etc  to gauge general direction. Ultimately, you have to be quick to multitask and assess all this information within seconds to get in early and ride a small trend. Otherwise, it's going to be tough.
444	adjudicated	1	That’s fine. If we’re 5-2 that’s what I want. I guess if we’re 2-5 we can give the Bookies what they want.
445	adjudicated	3	For generations, our remote ancestors have been cast as primitive and childlike—either free and equal innocents, or thuggish and warlike. Civilization, we are told, could be achieved only by sacrificing those original freedoms or, alternatively, by taming our baser instincts. David Graeber and David Wengrow show how such theories first emerged in the eighteenth century as a conservative reaction to powerful critiques of European society posed by Indigenous observers and intellectuals. Revisiting this encounter has startling implications for how we make sense of human history today, including the origins of farming, property, cities, democracy, slavery, and civilization itself.
446	adjudicated	3	To be fair, that's a novel and interesting reason for disliking T'au.That said, it seems like it's only a problem for people who homebrew a subfaction which is bound to a small specific region, and then refuse to get creative in coming up for reasons why they could fight people from far-flung corners of the galaxy. 
447	adjudicated	1	I never called her Maya Angelou that; just an over-rated (poor) author. *Jacobin* is Communist filth. My literature courses were quite useful. I'm not some ignorant redneck spouting opinions about which I know nothing. I sat through it. I also learned about medieval African trading states of Mali, Songhay and Ghana (they were conquered and corrupted, just like the Meso-American "empires") among other things. I consider myself well rounded. Now if you'll excuse me, I'm reading Churchill's "History of the English Speaking Peoples" and enjoying a fine *calvados*. Good day
448	adjudicated	1	Oh cool, why don't you join our least capable mod over in /truelit and talk all about it?
449	adjudicated	1	Everything in the book with y’all
450	adjudicated	2	I had a temp job that paid us weekly, on a Friday morning. One of the other temps I worked with unfortunately had a massive gambling addiction, but he seemed in denial at how bad it was. On the Friday he bragged to us all and said how much money he was going to place on Premier League football matches - this guy seemed to literally live going to the bookies. Then on Monday, he'd complain about how much money he lost on the football at the weekend and how he had barely any money. Its been a few years now and sometimes I think about that guy - I hope he's beaten his addiction.
451	adjudicated	2	[quote]Gary fucking GygaxIt is the spirit of the game, not the letter of the rules which is important. Never hold to the letter written, nor allow some barracks room lawyer to force quotations from the rule books upon you, if it goes against the obvious intent of the game.Guess who.
452	adjudicated	1	I also read for fun, and have no idea what Storygraph? is, and don't even have a goodreads account (although sometimes I think that would help me keep books straight and help me remember what I've read lol). Maybe separating your reading from some kind of gamification would help you get back to reading for actual enjoyment and not feeling obligated to reach some arbitrary goal?
453	adjudicated	2	Finished Where You Come From by Saša Stanišić yesterday. I loved it. The things I've written about this book [outside link] still hold true. Granted I almost never read contemporary fiction but this is the best contemporary fiction I have read in years, maybe ever. I'm not entirely sure about the choose-your-own-adventure twist on the last 60 pages. To me, it didn't pack the same emotional punch as the previous 300 pages did. On the other hand it feels like a fitting ending to the novel, taking its playfulness, its mixing of memory and present, of fact and fiction, to the extreme.I very much recommend checking it out. So does *Travel Through Stories* in a recent [outside link] of the English translation by Damion Searls.
454	adjudicated	1	Lol the r/TrueLit mods set the default sort on the most recent unpopular opinion thread to controversial, which is the only way to go!That's the way to go! LOLOtherwise, who cares if you get downvoted? It's all in good fun.Very true. :)
455	adjudicated	2	Overall I’m still new. . I know that guy has allegedly been around for a while. And I have no idea what other information he gives out. But from what I saw on that post talking about the importance of emotional connection to your dick and some of the comments he was making made me cringe. And on top of that the fact that he claimed to gain so much in so little I just instantly would not believe anybody. And if he was the one in 6 billion that could do that he’s the only one so I would not trust any coaching advice that he would give because I don’t think that’s reproducible to anybody else. But that’s just my opinion. And plus M9 said he was good in his book which instantly gives him some credibility for me
456	adjudicated	1	And honestly, there were a few emotional beats in the movie that got me a little choked up lol. There’s something supremely comforting and nostalgic about the thought of hanging out with my 12 year old self.
457	adjudicated	2	I have yet to finish a Sierra Simone book, so I just stopped trying.
458	adjudicated	1	tbh it will be hard for this sub to survive unless y'all find a USP. So far, it's not entirely clear what this sub offers that writing doesn't, and as long as that's not clear, you're automatically going to lose against the incumbent. There's just too much path-dependency propping them up (plus, "writing" is much easier for someone new to the reddit writing community to find than "theliteraturelobby" - this doesn't even have the word writing in it lmao, who branded this?) As you said, you can't run on anger at the mods forever. But you also can't run on "the mods over there are annoying sometimes" as the differentiating factor for the majority of users, who don't care about your beef with the mods.
459	adjudicated	2	As a fellow sepsis survivor...that "Septic Shock" book really caught my attention. Sepsis is scary af for both the med staff and the patient.
460	adjudicated	3	[quote]Please give me verses where you draw conclusions about perpetual virginity and purgatory.[quote]You are aware that Jesus as well as the apostles considered OT to be scriptures, just as, later, NT was also incorporated into the word of God. As the books of Gospels, acts of the apostles and the letters to churches were written, they were shared through the known world. Do you think that believers waited for 300 and something years to have the permission from Constantine to read the scriptures? Or did they need Augustine to come and interpret the letter to the Corinthians because people were ignorant to come to their own conclusion.[quote]This statement not only insults the english speaking audience, but also proposes that in the greek, God somehow better revealed himself than in english. Please, therefore, give us the verse in greek, where Jesus, of all people, instituted papacy. Do not worry, I was an orthodox christian before, so I will manage.
461	adjudicated	2	Thanks for posting to r/Vegan!Check out [3 Movies][link] and watch three thought-provoking movies that shed light on uncomfortable realities. 3 Movies also includes other videos, books, challenges and resources for you get started!
462	adjudicated	1	This!! I can't see **spoiler** &gt;!Eloise &amp; Philip together without Marina dying either!&lt;  Maybe the show isn't planning on &gt;! Philip &amp; Eloise endgame! This already seems unlikely as their was a still of Colin and Philip together this season. Why see him at all if not to start setting it up!&lt;
463	adjudicated	2	I recently discovered Comic Books Are Burning In Hell, and it's definitely the best comic-related podcast I've come across. Also good, but no longer running, are The Comics Alternative and Ink Studs.
464	adjudicated	3	It's a literature review, which is a normal form of science. [link]Without being across the topic myself, it's hard to know how good the review is, but personally I've found the arguments that MSG is safe convincing, especially the experimental studies.
465	adjudicated	2	I disagree.Both books are written with a more realism than typical Gothic horrors. Instead of ghosts and witches, both are about creations in a science lab. Science itself at the time was not greatly understood among the masses, and the books are written less as fantastical, and more as what if, as if both horrors could happen to contemporary readers. Just because science seems ridiculous to us now, doesn't mean it didn't scare readers back then. After all, alchemy was thought to be a serious endeavor and the precursor to the natural sciences.
466	adjudicated	1	Don't put to much stock into that stuff in regards to combat style.  The books refer to elrond as a lore master which is why they chose that.  Lotro pulls a lot from the books as opposed to the movie, keep that in mind as well
467	adjudicated	1	You lost me at "I understand what real literature is". Oh the pretentiousness!
468	adjudicated	3	If you suspect you may have malware on your computer, or are trying to remove malware from your computer, please see our [malware guide][link]
469	adjudicated	2	I definitely think the rereading is a comfort thing for me. I know how the books end and all the twists and turns so no unpleasant surprises. I’m finding it difficult to leave my reading comfort zone and try new books.
470	adjudicated	1	Liz’s Day in Floral Park has a book sale every year as part of their general fundraiser and the $ goes to breast cancer research.
471	adjudicated	1	I see, that sounds very interesting, and challenging! No wonder people recommend reading articles that help you understand the books better. And with such a big cast everything is still written in their own pov?
472	adjudicated	3	I'll breakdown mine in a similar way.1. It's a lit review. It looks at many different studies and forms an overall conclusion. [link] here's the definition.2. You are more than welcome to look at the many sources from the second one and look through there. I don't understand what risks and records you want, it's a dog. Is there a difference in risk between a GSD and a Pit Breed?3. What studies? A temperament test is literally meant to find dogs' aggressive tendencies. Pit's bite force is actually pretty weak compared to other breeds. And what method would you use to even test it in something other than a controlled environment where you can test different stimuli?4. Because every single legitimate source of information that has studied the subject for many years has found that proper education and training are the best methods to prevent a bite. I.E. not just running up to a random dog, being able to recognize body language, socializing your dog and training it, etc.4. It's not meant to mention the breed it's pointing out WHO is most often to get bit and why. You understand that the subject has more to do than just the type of dog.By that same logic, give me a source that proves a Labrador isn't more dangerous than a Mini-Pinscher, or a Doberman to a Rottweiler.
473	adjudicated	1	Lmao I felt it in the air this morning that I better log in to truelit
474	adjudicated	2	I'd say if there's a prison rape elimination act on the books it answers opa question
475	adjudicated	1	wah wah pee pee poo poo i know what real literature is!!! i am so smart!!! i hope everyone sees how smart i sound when i make everyone look so stupid for writing their pitiful little novels!!! wah wah i shit my diaper extra hard writing this.
476	adjudicated	3	It's completely obvious why a proposal like this just flat out does not work. Sure the Invincible comic fans out there might like it, but I'm sure the rest of us are happy that they adapted the core story that made the comic book beloved in the first place into a medium where more of us can enjoy it. In fact, non-canon adaptations can have a synergy with the source material, because then fans of the show can relive the discovery of a cool IP by then going and reading the comic. For me, this has been true of many adaptations, such as LotR, Harry Potter, The Expanse, and Dune to name a few, where I love both the movies and the books in different ways.
477	adjudicated	1	Was this on r/books? Realizing the circle jerk nature of the place felt akin to being in an episode of the Twilight Zone. I unsubbed around last August and haven’t looked back. r/truelit is a bit slower, but a much better place for discussions IMO.
478	adjudicated	3	The Santa Fe Institute (SFI) is an independent, nonprofit theoretical research institute located in Santa Fe, New Mexico, United States and dedicated to the multidisciplinary study of the fundamental principles of complex adaptive systems, including physical, computational, biological, and social systems. The institute is ranked 24th among the world's "Top Science and Technology Think Tanks" and 24th among the world's "Best Transdisciplinary Research Think Tanks" according to the 2020 edition of the Global Go To Think Tank Index Reports, published annually by the University of Pennsylvania.
479	adjudicated	1	Anyone that fucks over the douchebag Dex is good in my book.
480	adjudicated	3	No its not. In her 2019 treatise on [domestic violence][link]*See What You Made Me Do*, Australian journalist Jess Hill described the syndrome as a "dubious pathology with no diagnostic criteria", and stated that it is "riddled with misogyny and founded on a lie"; she also noted that a 2008 [literature review][link] are made by the media, not by psychologists or psychiatrists." [link]
481	adjudicated	3	[outside link] Lost in the Cedar Wood is the fifth studio album by British singer-songwriter Johnny Flynn, released on 14 May 2021 through Transgressive Records. The album is a collaboration between Flynn and British nature writer Robert Macfarlane.
482	adjudicated	1	My kids don’t see color in ppl - I have always told them it’s like judging a book by it’s cover
483	adjudicated	2	Romance is my favorite genre. Authors like Julie Garwood, Lisa Kleypas, Amanda Quick, Julia Quinn, Julie James, Sandra Brown, Elizabeth Lowell, Susan Elizabeth Phillips. I’m sure I’m forgetting a few. But you can get an idea of my preferences.
484	adjudicated	2	I’ve done this, it seemed to work best if I split them up into small categorised bundles. Example “5 poetry books”, “6 books about feminism”, “7 mystery novels”. I had quite a few books to get rid of and they all went eventually. Another thing I did (in a big city) was to leave novels (2 or 3 at a time) on a ledge or wall near an apartment building or bus stop. They disappear very quickly.
485	adjudicated	3	Casual fans include non-book readers, and most of them will definitely watch it for dragons.
486	adjudicated	3	I have to strongly disagree here and say that the Talmud is a tremendous work of literature that offers unbelievable wisdom, of course my relatively little exposure to it being the book “Everyman’s Talmud” which I would highly recommend to any person seeking to expand their understanding of the Hebrew Bible and New Testament.
487	adjudicated	3	The short answer is that there is just far too much uncertainty to be able to do predictive modeling of novel outbreaks or variants well. As you point out in your intro, these diseases are highly mutagenic, and they are able to mutate in both humans and animals. By the time you have enough data to model the current circumstances, the disease has mutated or is about to mutate again. Modeling of current disease characteristics or near-term predictions has gotten much better in recent years, however predicting new variants is almost as hard as predicting novel outbreaks. Additionally, it takes time to translate the model results into real world policy (vaccine development and clinical study takes time, information saturation into the public takes time, adoption of public health measures takes time to be written and implemented, etc). Lastly, human behavior is often unpredictable and not always rational, making it hard to model. Politicization of public health interventions, the spread of conspiracy theories, the growth of anti-vax sentiment, etc, all complicate any agent-based models that account for human behavior.
488	adjudicated	1	entitled to someone holding your hand in helping you understand what antiwork is. cause you clearly dont. and i would bet good money that you wont read a book about it.
489	adjudicated	1	They're confused, which I sympathize with, life is confusing as fuck…
490	adjudicated	3	It's actually not common at all.In her 2019 treatise on [domestic violence][outside link] *See What You Made Me Do*, Australian journalist Jess Hill described the syndrome as a "dubious pathology with no diagnostic criteria", and stated that it is "riddled with misogyny and founded on a lie"; she also noted that a 2008 [literature review][link] revealed that "most diagnoses \[of Stockholm syndrome\] are made by the media, not by psychologists or psychiatrists."The syndrome is rare: according to data from the [FBI]([link], about 5% of hostage victims show evidence of Stockholm syndrome.[link]
491	adjudicated	1	First of all let me just say I LOVE YOUR idea of a book guide. It's so unique and informatively fun at the same time. Your idea of a book guide is really something else. More Power!
492	adjudicated	1	Happy to take suggestions. Cheers!Otherwise:u/the_jaw. TrueLit is a bit less without them. Especially enjoyed their rants directed at Hollebecque or whatever else drew his ire. Writes beautifully as well.u/Viva_Straya. Mostly for poignant Lispector analysis. Where she is mentioned, he is found and there's always something insightful to be said. Huge appreciation to everyone generally, but wanted to through some names less mentioned.
493	adjudicated	1	Absolutely! I have the same issues. I miss the friends I had when I was 13-15. We all read the same books, we all read fanfiction and those were my special interests! I participated in their interests too, and it was great. I'm very fortunate that I still have that main friend I had from middle school, we cut contact for years, as we were both dealing with stuff. They contacted me 3 years ago again, and I love her and her partner! They are my two closest (and only) friends. Reach out to that old guy friend, tell him about what happened and why you cut contact, and that you would love to be friends again. If he's a good guy, he'll give you a chance to talk it out. As for making new friends, I have no idea, dude. I'm just as lost as you are. Can I suggest trying to find an autism support group and meeting friends there? Or maybe find a group for your special interest and try that? I hope everything goes well for you at Uni!
494	adjudicated	1	I would appreciate a post in truelit about Ukrainian lit rn…
495	adjudicated	1	IMO that is when you throw down $ on a (smaller) parlay, (and maybe with a couple 'locks' to make it even more interesting)
496	adjudicated	3	r/truelit puts out a user submitted list of best books every year.  I would start with some books from those lists that sound interesting to you.  You can find it on their side bar.
497	adjudicated	3	[outside link] Our Band Could Be Your Life: Scenes from the American Indie Underground, 1981–1991 is a book by Michael Azerrad. It chronicles the careers of several underground rock bands who, while finding little or no mainstream success, were hugely influential in establishing American alternative and indie rock, mostly through nearly constant touring and records released on small, regional independent record labels. Azerrad conducted many interviews with band members, and also conducted extensive research of old fanzines, as well as more mainstream newspapers and books.
498	adjudicated	2	I recall reading somewhere that Brown did a kind of scientific analysis of what "worked" in successful / best selling thriller novels, and incorporated that learning into the deliberately short chapters in The DaVinci Code. Other authors had touched on the ideas Brown also touched upon, but no one poured it all into one book and then supercharged the subject matter the way he did. The result was that The DaVinci Code became a word of mouth smash. Great literature it was not, but he succeeded in creating an entire subgenre of books after its success, as publishers looked high and low for the next DaVinci Code.
499	adjudicated	1	Same! My husband has never been good at nor liked reading, while I love to read, listen to audiobooks and podcasts. In situations where books come up he has a go to joke about me being the reader and we move on. Our bit about him disliking Harry Potter simply because of how much I have tried to get him to like it for 17 years kills at parties!OP’s husband is obviously super smart and in academic circles as well, so the embarrassment feels like a weird literature snob thing to me
500	adjudicated	3	Please post recommendation requests in /r/suggestmeabook or the weekly thread. You might also like /r/askliterarystudies.
501	adjudicated	1	Thanks for the Elton update! :) 
502	adjudicated	1	I cannot really answer your question which though I think is very interesting I wouldn't dare give my uninformed opinion about. I would recommend trying r/AskLiteraryStudies, they can probably provide you with tons of opinions, theories, academic papers maybe, tips on how to proceed etc. Best of luck!
503	adjudicated	1	Won't get any newreaders on that sub, and a huge part of the fun of rewatchs/reads is seeing first timers reactions
504	adjudicated	3	Some months back I asked this community for recommended reading on the comics medium (which I naively referred to as "graphic novel" medium at the time, which is apparently distasteful nowadays). I got [a lot of really great answers](https://www.reddit.com/r/AskLiteraryStudies/comments/kqf1sn/recommended_reading_on_the_graphic_novel_medium/)—I wonder if any of those comments will be helpful to you?
505	adjudicated	1	Same. I saw a lot of posts in the r/52book sub of people standing next to the stack of books that they read in 2021. I can’t believe so many keep all their books!
506	adjudicated	2	 |subreddit|subscriber count||:--|--:||/r/531discussion|3,394||/r/abcjdiscussion|1,496||/r/abdiscussion|4,303||/r/asksciencediscussion|76,375||/r/atlanticdiscussions|542||/r/beautygurudiscussion|6,607||/r/bitcoindiscussion|4,861||/r/bookdiscussion|1,523||/r/circlebrokediscussion|1,023||/r/climate_discussion|1,443||/r/crimejunkiediscussion|546||/r/darkknightdiscussion|533||/r/deepdiscussions|824||/r/deltarunediscussion|723|
507	adjudicated	3	 Marion and Shiva Stone are twin brothers born of a secret union between a beautiful Indian nun and a brash British surgeon at a mission hospital in Addis Ababa. Orphaned by their mother’s death in childbirth and their father’s disappearance, bound together by a preternatural connection and a shared fascination with medicine, the twins come of age as Ethiopia hovers on the brink of revolution. Yet it will be love, not politics—their passion for the same woman—that will tear them apart and force Marion, fresh out of medical school, to flee his homeland. He makes his way to America, finding refuge in his work as an intern at an underfunded, overcrowded New York City hospital. When the past catches up to him—nearly destroying him—Marion must entrust his life to the two men he thought he trusted least in the world: the surgeon father who abandoned him and the brother who betrayed him.
508	adjudicated	1	I love good histI love good history stories when it comes to nonfiction for the most part, and if it's the right author it reads like fiction almost with the added layer of true story to it. I read nonfiction to learn and fiction to enjoy or stimulate my imagination. I've also been listening to audio books on hikes, in the car, or doing chores which gives me more chances to fill me head! Definitely, I think Goodreads is just what I needed.That's probably a healthy balance of gaming, honestly. I appreciate the fact you tend to commit to one game at a time and finish it; I could be a lot better with that, especially with TV shows. At least once you make the decision you follow through with it! 😅 I've heard some good things about Ori, and the art looked really nice for it!Wow that's a hard question, now that I think about it! Sorry to put you on the spot like that. If I'm being honest, I'd probably have to say Minecraft was my favorite indie game I've ever played. It's massive now, but when my friends and I all bought it, it was only sort of recently into beta and wasn't owned by Microsoft yet. Some of my friends had started playing it in alpha even. We were fresh into high school, so no cars yet, and we put a ton of hours into like 2 servers over the course of 2 years. The fact that I was hanging out with my friends and the game was regularly being updated to add new things for us to do and explore and building massive projects together late into the night are memories I'm pretty fond of. Minecraft was a really fun gaming experience that I don't think will ever truly be replicated for me in adulthood. I would say, in general, PC gaming in high school with my friends amounted to my favorite times on video games - we would sometimes cop random cheap games on Steam sales too, and we played a lot of Team Fortress 2 and Payday 2. One of my top gaming experiences happened in Skyrim though, and playing through Shadow of the Colossus (which I can't recommend enough) on PS2 was an incredible single player experience!Well anyways, I could go on, but I don't want to take up all your time lol. It's been a real pleasure talking with you, and thank you so much for your suggestions on booklists and Goodreads! I will definitely get some use out of it. And sorry for the delayed response, I've been busy and off Reddit for a bit!ory stories when it comes to nonfiction for the most part, and if it's the right author it reads like fiction almost with the added layer of true story to it. I read nonfiction to learn and fiction to enjoy or stimulate my imagination. I've also been listening to audio books on hikes, in the car, or doing chores which gives me more chances to fill me head! Definitely, I think Goodreads is just what I needed.That's probably a healthy balance of gaming, honestly. I appreciate the fact you tend to commit to one game at a time and finish it; I could be a lot better with that, especially with TV shows. At least once you make the decision you follow through with it! 😅 I've heard some good things about Ori, and the art looked really nice for it!Wow that's a hard question, now that I think about it! Sorry to put you on the spot like that. If I'm being honest, I'd probably have to say Minecraft was my favorite indie game I've ever played. It's massive now, but when my friends and I all bought it, it was only sort of recently into beta and wasn't owned by Microsoft yet. Some of my friends had started playing it in alpha even. We were fresh into high school, so no cars yet, and we put a ton of hours into like 2 servers over the course of 2 years. The fact that I was hanging out with my friends and the game was regularly being updated to add new things for us to do and explore and building massive projects together late into the night are memories I'm pretty fond of. Minecraft was a really fun gaming experience that I don't think will ever truly be replicated for me in adulthood. I would say, in general, PC gaming in high school with my friends amounted to my favorite times on video games - we would sometimes cop random cheap games on Steam sales too, and we played a lot of Team Fortress 2 and Payday 2. One of my top gaming experiences happened in Skyrim though, and playing through Shadow of the Colossus (which I can't recommend enough) on PS2 was an incredible single player experience!Well anyways, I could go on, but I don't want to take up all your time lol. It's been a real pleasure talking with you, and thank you so much for your suggestions on booklists and Goodreads! I will definitely get some use out of it. And sorry for the delayed response, I've been busy and off Reddit for a bit!
509	adjudicated	1	Imagine my surprise when (haven't completed the story yet, so most enemies don't go above 6) I was doing the bookclub quests and got to the part where you get ambushed. Had my bow out since I wasn't expecting it. Lvl 9 renegades, one boss one with a 2 hander. I have all inhibs with max stam and rest in HP. 2hits later I was dead. Yet he tanks 10 hits from my almost 450dmg electro sword. God bless chain electricity stuns though, cause fighting him in that tiny room was slightly difficult.
510	adjudicated	3	[link] Anna Petrovna Kern name after second marriage: Markova-Vinogradskaya was a Russian socialite and memoirist, best known as the addressee of what is probably the best known love poem in the Russian language, written by Aleksandr Pushkin in 1825. Anna was born in Oryol at the mansion of her grandfather, the local governor. She was brought up in Lubny in the Poltava Governorate (present-day Ukraine). On 8 January 1817 she was married by her parents to the 56-year-old General Kern, whom she professed to detest thoroughly.
511	adjudicated	2	Every month I try and just pick what I feel like reading \*within\* these categories -   1-2 books for my Reading Around the World Challenge1 book for my bookclub1 classic I haven't read1 light and easy romcom type book1 Literary fiction1 from a series I'm reading  After that I just read whatever suits me until the new month.
512	adjudicated	2	She sounds generous. The best. Maybe she needs to come join bookclub one of these days
513	adjudicated	1	Probably better off going to r/suggestmeabook or r/whattoreadwhen.
514	adjudicated	3	Whether we are dealing with a rude clerk, our child saying, "That's not fair!," our spouse ignoring us, or an uncooperative co-worker, in our struggle to respond effectively, we often become defensive - sometimes without even realizing it. Despite good intentions, we can become manipulative and controlling, even with those we love most. 
515	adjudicated	3	After a nuclear World War III has destroyed most of the globe, the few remaining survivors in southern Australia await the radioactive cloud that is heading their way and bringing certain death to everyone in its path. Among them is an American submarine captain struggling to resist the knowledge that his wife and children in the United States must be dead. Then a faint Morse code signal is picked up, transmitting from somewhere near Seattle, and Captain Towers must lead his submarine crew on a bleak tour of the ruined world in a desperate search for signs of life. On the Beach is a remarkably convincing portrait of how ordinary people might face the most unimaginable nightmare.
516	adjudicated	1	Always happy to hear more people chime in! I know a big thing for all the contributors is knowing that people are actually reading and using posts/booklists/work. A little thank you goes a long way!Always happy to hear suggestions to. *Generally* we try to keep the bulk of recommendations from flaired members because it gives us a good idea of who's expertise is suggesting it. Not *super* sure what other avenues for volunteer work there is, other then as your using it let us know if you come across any problems. Broken links, typos, stuff like that.
517	adjudicated	1	If you're unfamiliar with Zen Pencils [link], I strongly recommend reading more about those comics and their background - [link]There is a lot of good material on there.
518	adjudicated	1	My last post: [link]The last two books were:* House of Hades, by Rick Riordan.* All Quiet on the Western Front, by Enrich Maria Remarque. The last book was absolutely disheartening, and I loved it!
519	adjudicated	3	*You know what writers esteem by knowing about writers and finding out what influenced them most.* There's no reason people esteem most what they've been influenced by. You can take ideas and methods from a book all while thinking that the use of those ideas and methods ultimately don't add up to much in the original book. *How many books have been written about Ulysses, Bleak House, Tristram Shandy? Lots.* It's not necessarily writers writing these books about Ulysses etc.? It's scholars of these books or their period, which is a distinctly different group, writing about these authors for perhaps entirely different reasons; *How many writers clearly take influences from those novels and talk about them in interviews or things that they write?* But again, influence is more a matter of the potential of some idea or thing author A did to being used by author B; author A may have achieved something brilliant except his ideas and methods are not transferable to most other kinds of books, or he may have use a brilliant idea or technique abysmally poorly in a similarly poor book, and that idea or technique gets used widely and influences legions of writers.
520	adjudicated	1	They're probably gunna remove your post per the rules in the side bar, so try the weekly suggestion thread or any of these related subs where you might find recommendations ([from my great big list of book realted subs](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AnZz_HTCD_pNdEw4cGdjODhkUGQ0REpXSERXa2ZjSlE&amp;usp=sharing)):
521	adjudicated	3	I use a books multi, so I've got a lot of less active subs on it. Apart from audiobook subs, free ebook subs, and ones already mentioned, here are the rest of my (relatively inactive) book subs:/r/bookdiscussion/r/booktomovie/r/epicpoems/r/literature/r/mythsandlegends/r/neilgaiman/r/robolit/r/truebooks/r/weirdlit/r/wodehouse
522	adjudicated	2	I love "Julián is a Mermaid" and "Julián at the Wedding" by Jessica Love, as well as "My Shadow Is Pink" by Scott Stuart. The author who wrote "Ada Twist, Scientist!" has also written lots of books that aren't explicitly about gender, but they feature children defying gender norms and exercising their independence and talents.Social Justice Books also has some really great book lists that cover lots of different topics. Here's their list of recommended books pertaining to Gender Identity: [link]
523	adjudicated	2	This really isnt kindle related. Likely have better luck with:/r/books /r/bookdiscussion /r/readalong
524	adjudicated	2	I'm not sure if such a website or program exists and - as a literary scholar by training - I am somewhat skeptical that such an approach would do a good job at teaching the necessary skills to critically engage with literature. I could very much see it run the risk of  boiling literary analysis down to nothing but a checklist of actionable steps and removing any kind of ambiguities (and thus potential) from literary texts.While there are certain protocols to follow in literary studies, the craft is much more free form than, say, running a cost-benefit analysis. Instead, it is a matter of being receptive to the nuances of a text - and to bring one's understanding of (literary) theory and history into dialogue with these nuances. (I am, of course, oversimplifying.)Thus, building a personal repertoire of literary theories and a solid understanding of (literary) histories might be one of the best bets to become better at critically engaging with literature. Building this repertoire, in turn, is probably best achieved through reading - and discussing what one has read.When it comes to the former, you can find a few recommendations in the following:If you want to dip your toes into some pop-literary studies first, you might want to try something like Thomas C. Foster's *How to Read Literature Like A Prof*, which u/pm_me_poemsplease recommended in a similar context.Another great way to get a first feel for almost any academic field are Oxford University Press's Very Short Introductions - in this case Jonathan Culler's Literary Theory: A Very Short Introduction.You could also have a look at general introductory textbooks, like Mario Klarer's *An Introduction to Literary Studies,* or at textbooks focusing specifically on literary theory, such as erry Eagleton's *Literary Theory: An Introduction* and Peter Barry's *Beginning Theory: An Introduction to Literary and Cultural Theory*. In case you would prefer to watch a lecture on the topic, there is always [Yale's Open Course on Literary Theory](https://oyc.yale.edu/english/engl-300).Finally, if you want to dive straight into the deep end, you could have a look at Cambridge University Press's extensive list of *Cambridge Companions to X* and *Cambridge Histories of Y*, where X and Y are something like "the Victorian novel" and "American Literature."I hope some of this helps and I am sorry I couldn't offer any more open-source resources.If you've got any questions, feel free to ask!EDIT: You might also want to check out r/AskLiteraryStudies. :)
525	adjudicated	1	My slump was 2020. The pandemic and losing my job because of it.  The isolation.  Should have been reading more but read way less.  /r/52book got me out of my slump.  Just having that goal with other people.  Honestly it’s my favorite sub of all.  Love seeing what everyone is reading and random recommendations.  With no expectations on goals, you don’t have to read 52 or start at any specific time. 
526	adjudicated	2	Next level reminds me of extreme movie.
527	adjudicated	2	No shame in your goal. Everyone is different.I also enjoy my own internal monologue, while reading, and it slows me down. So, I completely understand. Sometimes, my internal monologue helps me understand the book, even more.I look forward to seeing more of you.Side note, this would be more appropriate for the [current annual  Introduction thread.][link]
528	adjudicated	3	Like they are lacking empathy? So the society of Omelas is contingent upon the unhappiness of one person, and the ones who don't walk away from Omelas lack empathy for the one child that has to suffer.It sounds like alienation, in a broad sense, which is taken up by many authors differently. Marx identifies four varieties of alienation under capitalism, one of which is alienation from other people. For Marx the concept of alienation from your fellow "man", and/or a conception called the species-being, is going to hinge dramatically upon how people relate to each other, and how people relate to commodities under capitalism.For other authors, the concept of alienation shows up with relation to Alienation of people from each other regarding the subject of race and race relations; men from women on the basis of perceived differences along genders, and so on. You might get a better, and more precise answer, from r/askliterarystudies as there are a lot of works interpreting Le Guin literarily. However one video discussion I think is somewhat relevant, is this one from Jeremy Rifkin. He suggests that utopia lacks empathy, and that empathy is anti utopian. Since you're asking about a classic utopian fiction with I think this is a reasonable way to go.  
529	adjudicated	2	May have better luck in a recommendation based subreddit:
530	adjudicated	1	Read 52 books this year!  Try to read 1 non fiction a month and 1 classic a month.  r/52book
531	adjudicated	3	r/suggestmeabookr/EliversusMonsterCityr/booksuggestionsr/52bookr/joeledger
532	adjudicated	1	Tordotcom specializes in more literary/envelope-pushing sff than some of the other publishing imprints (compare Baen, for instance). From my experience making coming-soon lists and such, women, nb authors, and men of color are more active in writing this type of fantasy, whereas a lot of the big names writing sff that are white guys often operate in more "traditional" SFF. Generalizations, of course, but I think it's worth noting.
533	adjudicated	3	Sabrina the Teenage Witch is a comic book series published by Archie Comics about the adventures of a fictional American teenager named Sabrina Spellman. Sabrina was created by writer George Gladir and artist Dan DeCarlo, and first appeared in Archie's Madhouse #22 (cover-dated Oct. 1962). Storylines of the character at elementary-school-age also appear under the title "Sabrina -- That Cute Little Witch" in almost all of the Little Archie comics.
534	adjudicated	1	Welcome to r/bookclub. Glaf to have you on board for Wuthering Heights :)
535	adjudicated	2	The people who do hermeneutics might have a word for it, but I think you're probably better off trying /r/AskLiteraryStudies, this seems more up their alley.
536	adjudicated	2	I think some of the heavy hitters in r/52book balance out the nonreaders.
537	adjudicated	2	I naturally gravitate toward female protagonist type stories but am actively looking to expand into other genres and am finding they are equally if not more engaging. I might even try to pare down my amount of nonfiction reading if I can find enough enthralling nonfiction. I’ve been combing through npr booklists and it seems to help with this.
538	adjudicated	2	You remind me of the movie "Intermission" from 2003
539	adjudicated	3	These surveys were done only two years after circumcision. Both tacked on to the end of an HIV study. So the people were pressured into getting a circumcision for HIV benefits and then asked if there was a detriment. Surely you see the conflict of:1) Being pressured to undergo a procedure for health benefits, and *then* being asked if there’s downsides.2) These are 5 point surveys, a pretty terrible way to note the complexity and nuances of sexual pleasure.3) With a language barrier to boot.4) The skin and glans were protected for 20+ years, and then exposed for only up to 2 years. Leading to,5) Applying data from adult circumcisions to newborn circumcisions is overextending the data. That’s two years and one year of glans and foreskin remnant exposure compared to ~16-18 years for newborn circumcision before their sex life *starts*.
540	adjudicated	2	This is my favorite book list: [link]
541	adjudicated	2	What really helped for me personally was finding some social obligations to get reading again by joining a bookclub with a bunch of friends. Of course it may not be for everybody but it really helped me.
542	adjudicated	3	A branch for the 18th century might be the Age of the Novel/Rise of the Novel. Also rather than Age of Pope I would consider it more appropriately described as the Age of Satire. Early C18 is also usually referred to as the Enlightenment Period rather than Classical/Augustan.Also, r/askliterarystudies would probably be a useful resource for this project.
543	adjudicated	2	Making jewelry, painting, listening to podcasts, audiobooks as well, adult coloring books, hiking, paddleboarding, board games, roadtrips, dinner parties, music( EDM to Indie to 80s rock)
544	adjudicated	1	Here's a sneak peek of /r/bookclub using the [top posts][link] of the year!
545	adjudicated	1	Memoirs of the Twentieth Century is an early work of speculative fiction by Irish writer Samuel Madden. This 1733 epistolary novel takes the form of a series of diplomatic letters written in 1997 and 1998. The work is a satire perhaps modeled after Jonathan Swift's Gulliver's Travels published seven years before. Madden was an Anglican clergyman, and the book is focused on the dangers of Catholicism and Jesuits, depicting a future where they dominate.
546	adjudicated	3	There's no one sub for all, but plenty of subject-specific ones:    r/Ijustwatched   r/iwatchedanoldmovie r/IWatchedAnOldSeries r/books
547	adjudicated	2	I wrote this in r/books, i don't know why now it is in r/suggestmeabook
548	adjudicated	1	Joining r/52book helped me.  2020 was bad and even though I was unemployed I didn’t really read.  Then in 2021 joining 52 book and having a goal, seeing what other people were reading and suggesting lit a fire and I got to 52 last year.  Hope you join us.  One fave I recommend to everyone - Project Hail Mary.  It’s amaze!!
549	adjudicated	3	These are all of the ones I had on my multi that weren't on your list:* /r/52book* /r/audiobooks [link]
550	adjudicated	2	That's the beauty of the bookclub, they join, he tells them what it says and why that makes liberals bad, and then they can claim to have read it without having to read. It's the perfect system.
551	adjudicated	1	You just brought back some horrible memories from that Vaastu shaastra movie. Was that the movie? The one where a hand keeps coming out from the ground? Fucking creepy.
552	adjudicated	1	What / bookclub?
553	adjudicated	2	To be fair, the only poets he thinks are good are ["Homer, Virgil, Dante, Chaucer, Shakespeare, Milton, Goethe and maybe Dickinson"][link], so it's a pretty high bar (especially since you assume he must have read them in their original languages to make such a pronouncement). [He's also 19][link], so there is still a little hope that he'll grow out of it.
554	adjudicated	1	As for alternatives, I don't go here much because I find this sub grating (for reasons that have nothing to do with the moderation), and like, there are SO MANY alternatives out there already. There's /r/writers, /r/PubTips, r/publishing, /r/storyandstyle, /r/YAwriters, /r/fantasywriters, /r/FanFiction, and that's just the writing subs I can keep up with. /r/BetaReaders and /r/DestructiveReaders have occasional craft threads. Tons of reading-focused subs - /r/Fantasy, /r/literature, /r/TrueLit, /r/horrorlit - have a community of writers and regular writing discussion in weekly threads, regular threads, or even dedicated threads. There really isn't a dearth of writing content on this site. Really. I would say there's writing content for any level and any preference. I would frankly feel silly complaining.
555	adjudicated	3	Please explain in strictly medical terms why this is happening to me: [link].
556	adjudicated	2	/r/BookDiscussion is a little quiet but does exist.
557	adjudicated	2	m just trying to save this community from the vexatious experience of reading "Master and Margarita". What a load of hogwash. r/AskLiteraryStudies, you've been warned.
558	adjudicated	2	the posts keeps getting deleted there so just wanted to post in some popular book sub. and r/bookdiscussion is too small. I'll delete it after some time
559	adjudicated	1	I fuckin swear ask literary studies is the newest argbuks.
560	adjudicated	2	[I definitely am][link]😅
561	adjudicated	1	Agreed the first few chapters were slow but now i am super invested in the David, Charles, Edward triangle. Be sure to tell us what you thought on the [first check-in][link] especially if you will zip off without us ;)
562	adjudicated	1	Hey there, I'd recommend also asking this question in r/AskLiteraryStudies as Pop Culture is an established area of study within the discipline and has been so for some time now.
563	adjudicated	1	Nice! What are you reading?  Are you subbed to /r/52book ?
564	adjudicated	1	An X-Men movie?
565	adjudicated	3	What unites such diverse academic fields as music composition, theory, musicology, cognition, literary studies, neuropsychology, economics, anatomy, genetics, bioinformatics, political science, geopolitics, pharmacology and anthropology? A terminological non-issue that respondents have been telling you for three years is easily resolved by opening a dictionary.
566	adjudicated	1	Hmm, 518 subscriptions, no wonder I never see most of these on the front page.
567	adjudicated	1	Great, Rupert's going to stop his newreaders from talking and stop publishing his birdcage liners.
568	adjudicated	1	You probably want /r/askliterarystudies because ain't none of this stuff in the Bible
569	adjudicated	2	Charlotte Mason inspired curricula are classical; Ambleside Online is a completely free option with booklists and guides for a secular Charlotte Mason-style curriculum. It’s a lot of work on the parents’ end to gather all the books and set everything up, but it’s a great education model that encourages reading and critical thinking. It’s definitely not just a pile of workbooks to hand the kid to go through, but the prep is worth it. We love it.
570	adjudicated	1	There’s r/52book I spend most of my time over there lol I’m not aware of any prompts they have? Cause like the point/goal is to read a book a week. Some people pair 52 book challenge with an A-Z challenge or the PopSugar challenge. Never heard of it is a club. Usually just a challenge or that subreddit
571	adjudicated	2	Oh nice idea. I found this thread: [link]So i think i’ll join through there
572	adjudicated	1	For your readers advisory do you just stay up to date on booklists? I don't do it at all in my special library but sometimes when I sub in public I want to still be able to suggest some good stuff.
573	adjudicated	2	This would be a better post in /r/Criticaltheory or /r/Askliterarystudies than here to be honest.
574	adjudicated	1	It's like r/52book, but for quilts!
575	adjudicated	2	You might get more discussion at r/books or r/bookdiscussion
576	adjudicated	1	Wait, just so I'm understanding correctly, you're unhappy with /r/literature? May I inquire as to why?But back to your request (warning, I'm ,not subscribed to any of these, I just know about them and am assuming that you are seeking discussion) you might check out **/r/bookclub**. They also have niche clubs if your are feeling particularly...niche-y (y'know?). /r/SF_Book_Club  /r/Fantasy_Bookclub  /r/scifi_bookclub  /r/playclub  /r/science_bookclub  /r/nonfiction_bookclub  /r/history_bookclub  /r/KindleBookClubThere's /r/bookdiscussion, but the last post was four months ago. There's also /r/booksandtea which is very small but has the possibility to become active. I don't know... Maybe we need... A *new* one. A *true* one...
577	adjudicated	2	if you check out /r/52book you will see a dedicated few who break 100+ books in a single year.  With people who dedicate that much time to reading it definitely helps bring the average up.
578	adjudicated	1	Why do none of you guys buy books from your booklists 🙁
579	adjudicated	3	To Have or to Be? is a 1976 book by psychoanalyst Erich Fromm, in which he differentiates between having and being. It was originally published in the World Perspectives book series edited by Ruth Nanda Anshen for Harper &amp; Row publishing firm. Fromm writes that modern society has become materialistic and prefers "having" to "being". 
580	adjudicated	1	2021 was the year I tried audiobooks for the first time. But I just needed to have the physical copies too. It's a bad habit I'm trying to overcome. I have had some REALLY good reads this year. I rated them in tiers. (I regret putting the book "Shout" in good and not great) I hope this answers your question.
581	adjudicated	1	The fact that so many are replying to me unironically with the take that "leftists need to stop making problematic jokes that give the right ammunition" ummm you know what gives the right WAY MORE ammunition??? Wokescolds. Have fun trying to build a strong left when it's just a very small bookclub where no one can make jokes. How the fuck have we already forgotten the gamergate era??
582	adjudicated	3	**[Germinal (novel)][link]Germinal is the thirteenth novel in Émile Zola's twenty-volume series Les Rougon-Macquart. Often considered Zola's masterpiece and one of the most significant novels in the French tradition, the novel – an uncompromisingly harsh and realistic story of a coalminers' strike in northern France in the 1860s – has been published and translated in over one hundred countries and has additionally inspired five film adaptations and two television productions. Germinal was written between April 1884 and January 1885. It was first serialized between November 1884 and February 1885 in the periodical Gil Blas, then in March 1885 published as a book.
583	adjudicated	3	/r/52Book - A subreddit for the participants of the 52 Book Challenge (one book per week for a year) to discuss their progress and discoveries/r/AskLiteraryStudies - A multi-lingual community for discussing literary works and studies/r/BookDiscussion - For general discussion of books/r/BookQuotes - For sharing and discussing quotes from books/r/CurrentlyReading - For sharing and discussing the book you are currently reading/r/GoodReads - For general discussion of Goodreads, a reader recommendation sharing site/r/JustFinishedReading - For sharing your thoughts on what you just read
584	adjudicated	2	r/52book is a fun subreddit for reading goals. All reading goals are welcomed!
585	adjudicated	3	There are a few. /r/BookRecommendations or /r/booksuggestions are the basic ones, but /r/booklists could help you find a type of book and /r/bookclub (or /r/horrorbookclub or /r/Fantasy_Bookclub ) gives you a book with a built in discussion group and there's /r/bookexchange if you wanted to swap with someone and if you want to join a discussion you could pick one from /r/bookdiscussion
586	adjudicated	1	Happy Cake Day 🍰I'm reading a about Modernism and Google came up with this [this][link] from 7 years ago. Thanks kind stranger for the info.
587	adjudicated	1	Here's a sneak peek of /r/bookdiscussion using the [top posts][link] of the year!
588	adjudicated	1	My bookclub is currently reading it!
589	adjudicated	2	{{The Power}} by Naomi Alderman. Read it in my bookclub and it generated a decent discussion.  Not an exact fit for superheroes but more along the lines of gaining superpowers
590	adjudicated	1	Another reason to ditch spiro for me is to reduce the amount of pills I’m popping for liver/kidney health, and to be able to afford an ADHD prescription on top of hrt.
591	adjudicated	1	AFAIK UK and European PhD applicants typically already have a masters level degree in the field, and you'll be expected to have a thesis project basically ready to go, and you should really have a specific faculty member in mind to work with.
592	adjudicated	3	This probably lies under book lists and recommendations which aren’t allowed outside the sticky’d weekly topics. r/booksuggestions, r/suggestmeabook, and r/whattoreadwhen is more welcoming to these sorts of threads.
593	adjudicated	2	This comes up a lot but it is a difficult thing to Google. Here's some previous discussion: [link]Basically it's a realism thing; it keeps up the conceit that the novel tells of real events, by implying there's been some anonymization.
594	adjudicated	1	I wish you luck on your reading journey!  My approach to the Horus Heresy has been piecemeal at best; I tend to just pick up whichever looks interesting, or whatever is included in the latest Humble Bundle.  I also have a notebook dedicated to keeping track of booklists like the one above!
595	adjudicated	2	I started my law course in semester 2 after transferring from Griffith University.First, the second semester of the 2022 academic year commences July 18, with semester one beginning, at least for me as a third year, on March 3, so you have plenty of time to sort out any administrative issues with QUT. Booklists: you'll get your booklist for your respective courses when you enrol and then register into your classes. So, until then, don't stress about booklists.ID card: this is fairly simple. If I recall correctly, I simply uploaded a photo to my profile in the student portal (I think it's formally called eStudent?) and requested a student ID card with that photograph on it. Do you have you QUT log in credentials to access HiQ, eStudent, and Blackboard? I've never actually had to use my ID card once outside of examinations (which for you will be from Novermber 5-19) and late access to the law library. Generally though, I would advise you contact HiQ on the numbers provided through this link: [https://www.qut.edu.au/about/contact](https://www.qut.edu.au/about/contact)Hope this helps :)
596	adjudicated	3	It looks like you're trying to start a conversation, but you haven't included much for users to respond to. Please make a new post and include your thoughts in the text portion of your post. For example: What did you like or dislike about the book? What did you think of the actions of the main character? etc. Please don't add random stuff as it is just going to get your post removed again.
597	adjudicated	3	Other related subs where you might find recommendations ([from my great big list of book realted subs]
598	adjudicated	1	Congrats on the job BB!! ✨It’s okay, life happens. Thank you for letting us enjoy your talents and bookclub during this time. No pressure for anything; we will be existing in the abyss🖤💙Drink your water, try not to stress, you’ll do amazing out in the world ☺️
599	adjudicated	2	My great hope is that this obnoxious language shit will settle down as society becomes more open and stops terrorizing the queer community. I also think we’ll settle on more pleasant and natural expressions on over time. I’m very pleased with “they” as a gender neutral, way better than all the others.
600	adjudicated	2	Their friends are the bookclub.
601	adjudicated	3	I'm trying to connect up the various parts of your wide-ranging concerns. I recognise your outline of the various "schools", but I'm wondering how "human value" and its redefinition fits into that. Are you asking whether accessibility and utility have become a) "human values" (in a humanist sense?), b) "human *and thereby* literary values", c) "human *and thereby* aesthetic values" (differs from the previous in that what critics value in literature is not necessarily the aesthetic, however defined), d) some other combination of these/other concepts?In any case, I think the concepts of accessibility and utility for someone like Jameson must always be historicised: accessible and useful *for whom, at what time, in what kind of society*, etc. To my ear, accessibility has the ring of a kind of democratisation as an ideal with liberal overtones, and almost opposed to the modernist project. I would indeed be interested to see how you might connect the accessibility of literature to an emancipatory politics. I am reminded (as I often am!) of Jameson's article, "Reification and utopia in mass culture", which posits that popular media (his references are *Jaws* and the *Godfather* movies) are popular because they contain an emancipatory core, however transformed or even perverted it may have become. Perhaps what you can ask is how the emancipatory core can/needs to be transformed precisely because it needs to become accessible?
602	adjudicated	2	I say "podcasts", but I'm mostly listening to Great Courses lectures with regards to analysis of the source material and pop-culture podcasts with regards to the film. See [other comment][link]
603	adjudicated	1	i do a lot of reading related stuff, mostly /r/Fantasy r/books (the weekly threads only) /r/52book /r/suggestmeabook and /r/YAlit  /r/kpop lol /r/HobbyDrama and /r/iamveryculinary
604	adjudicated	1	Well God bless Oprah. I hope she has a long and fulfilling life. She surely made the world great with her booklists and interviews. God bless her
605	adjudicated	1	Great! Thanks for clarifying! It's getting a bit late, so I won't go into too much detail. If anything thus ends up reading too jargon-y, feel free to follow up!Depending on your focus, you will probably end up with the skills of a data scientist and digital consultant on the one hand - or those of an ethics consultant or policy adviser on the other. (Ideally both!)
606	adjudicated	3	Internet Invention is a book by Gregory Ulmer. The book describes Ulmer's definition of "electracy" (as opposed to orality or literacy) and leads readers through activities that ask them to examine their interactions with four discourses, which Ulmer labels career, family, entertainment, and community.
607	adjudicated	1	The bookclub. There's 10 of them I think? You gotta sleep a few times in-between a few to get the next. So have fun making that run 10x lmao. I did em all in a row and it was draining... Idk if it's an unmarked quest you gotta stumble upon or not.
608	adjudicated	1	### ⚠️WITNESS REQUIRED!⚠️*   This account has made a lot of entries.*     Seems sus.  Cause I am a dumb bot.
609	adjudicated	3	In an effort to combat spam, this submission has been moved to the moderation queue for review, as your comment karma score is below our threshold of 5 or your account is under 48 hours old.  This removal is automated and is only looking at your account age and your contributions through comments, not overall karma.  Each post will be reviewed in the moderation queue and approved if it meets subreddit rules.  Thank you for understanding.
610	adjudicated	2	 I look at:1) The daily deals section. Found some great books there.2) See what people are reading on /r/52book3) Check genre subreddits like /r/fantasy4) Look at /r/suggestmeabook5) Go to a physical book store and see what's interesting. Then buy on Kobo.
611	adjudicated	1	I'm reading **The Master and Margarita** and **Hamnet** with r/bookclub. It's taken a lot of strength to not just finish Hamnet in one sitting. It is so enjoyable. I'm also trying to wrap up **A Series of Unfortunate Events: The End** this week in honor of my daughter's birthday (I read the first 10 to her in my belly). Also reading **Cleopatra's Dagger**. I finished **The Cruel Prince** this week, trying to dip my toes into fantasy. So far so good. 
612	adjudicated	2	If you turn off subreddit style (with RES) then it's almost usable, but there's still spam in there.
613	adjudicated	1	Flaired scholars, panelists, and directed discussions could very much be hosted here and I think would be beneficial.they could... or they could be hosted on /r/AskLiteraryStudies, as they have been for many years.
614	adjudicated	3	In formal Standard English, it would be "Joe's and my," as in, "Joe's (booklist) and my booklist." This is what you would be expected to use in formal writing and on grammar tests.In informal contexts, native speakers use all sorts of other combinations, e.g., "Joe and I's," "me and Joe's," etc.Also note that if you replace the pronoun "my" with another name or noun, then the format depends on whether the booklist is shared or each person has a separate booklist:"Joe and Jill's booklist" - The booklist is shared (i.e., there's only one), so possession is marked on the second noun only."Joe's and his brother's booklists" - Each person has a separate booklist (or more than one each), so possession is marked on both nouns.But the following is also possible:"Joe and Jill's booklists" - There are multiple booklists, but they all belong to both Joe and Jill.
615	adjudicated	2	**Gil's All Fright Diner by A. Lee Martinez:** A funny, laidback supernatural/paranormal read placed in Tennessee, perfect for October.**Tales from the Gas Station, Vol. 1 by Jack Townsend:** A great combination of humor, paranormal and horror, this was greatly enjoyable. Mr Creepypasta was an excellent choice for narrating it.**We Are Never Meeting in Real Life. by Samantha Irby:** It was interesting, at times sad and at times funny, the narration by the author seemed long-winded, not my favourite.**This is Going to Hurt, Secret Diaries of a Junior Doctor by Adam Kay:** NHS cases recounted in wry, british humour (and why most healthcare systems have been collapsing the last few  years completely unprepared for a crisis)
616	adjudicated	3	Your submission has been removed for the following reason(s):ELI5 is not for:Subjective or speculative replies - Only objective explanations are permitted here; your question is asking for speculation or subjective responses This would be better placed in a book subreddit like /r/AskLiteraryStudies or /r/BookDiscussion
617	adjudicated	1	Submit to /r/WhatToReadWhen , I'm sure the guys on there would appreciate it. What's your stack?
618	adjudicated	2	I mean, r/books is probably the biggest and well known. r/bookdiscussion is also out there, but it's not very big.
619	adjudicated	2	Have you read the rest of Moore's books? Because they're amazing. I'd say Lamb and Fool(and it's about to be released serpent of venice) are the most similar since they are set in the past.
620	adjudicated	3	Popular enough to be known among those who like to read. Pick any mainstream "top 100 novels" list -- e.g. [Time's Top 100 Novels of 1923-2005][link] or [Le Monde's 100 Books of the Century][link]. The vast majority of those books have been translated into Japanese.
621	adjudicated	2	I've asked reddit how you guys keep track of books [here][link]Processed the input and built a tool - a better, cleaner way (compared to something like goodreads) to keep track of your books and make recommendations to your friends / followers.Read This Twice is not new, it's been around for a bit. It's a platform where we organize \~2000 leaders' book recommendations, and now you can create your own public profile, your own public/private reading lists with notes/comments/reviews.I'd love to get some feedback from people in here if this is something you'd potentially use. You can signup and try it out at [link].P. S. There's a few different layouts, sorting, etc. to organize your books, and here's my profile for reference: [link]Thank you!
622	adjudicated	4	To them good ol days exist in pre industrial natural selection world or in some fictional novel.Worst ideologies are those that promises Utopian world. They roads leads to nowhere and are paved with blood."Nirvana is not for this world"
623	adjudicated	2	I actually just finished reading this one as part of my reading challenge this year [link] and I loved it! And yet I completely agree with you. The lesson/s in it are nothing new or overly enlightening by the time you are in your 30s if you have a modicum of self awareness
624	adjudicated	3	A snowclone is a cliché and phrasal template that can be used and recognized in multiple variants. The term was coined as a neologism in 2004, derived from journalistic clichés that referred to the number of Eskimo words for snow.
625	adjudicated	1	Hello! Happy to see you are keeping these bookclub posts going - I didn't see the last one, but I just finished a book with some unexpected ace rep so came looking to see if there were any more posts where I could share my find!
626	adjudicated	1	Probably gonna be sent over to r/booksuggestions, r/suggestmeabook, or r/whattoreadwhen. Recommendations are only allowed in the weekly thread here.
627	adjudicated	3	I chose this as one of the 2022 popsugar reading challenge books as recommended by another /r/52book member suggested and I have mixed feelings. The world and voices were rich but I wanted more? I think I’m not so fond of strange chronology (as this book works backwards in time) because every small vignette of the Garcia girls’ lives I ended up wanting to see where it went from there, instead of stepping into the past further. But the writing itself was vibrant and full of life.
628	adjudicated	3	I'm sure you can find another subreddit to meet your needs if you don't like /r/books anymore. There are tons of book related subs and you could make your own [multireddit][link]  that gives you what you want.* /r/52book* /r/audiobooks[link]
629	adjudicated	2	I know of r/AskLiteraryStudies. Not sure if that's exactly what you want.
630	adjudicated	1	More so me than my friends, and I feel bad about it sometimes. But when the weekend *finally* rolls around, I'm tired and I want to spend time with my family. I'd rather have friends over to play board games in person or watch a movie. If I game these days, it's solo. Multiplayer games just come with too much required effort and game-knowledge unless you want to be a detriment to your friends. I still have my PC and consoles. I still get excited about upcoming releases (though rarely actually play them anymore), but when it comes down to staying up late on a Friday/Saturday to play games together until the wee hours...it's just not super appealing to me anymore. And that kinda sucks, because I have some friendships that exist entirely online, primarily around gaming together, and I don't want those to be lost.
631	adjudicated	2	Right now I’m just being downvoted despite this being r/AskLiteraryStudies and not r/AskEnglishLiterature. I should’ve expected that. Even though I realize now that I forgot to say what it was actually from, though to be fair, anyone who would know the answer would also know where it was from and probably not downvote me.
632	adjudicated	2	I've also noticed that there's a moderate percentage of people who post here who don't seem very savvy with reddit/formatting/etc. - they might not be regular redditors, but they're in search of a book. I think adding extra rules would discourage some of these people from posting, which would be a shame.
633	adjudicated	3	For teen girls, there's r/feemagers which may be exactly what you're looking for.As far as books go:* r/bookdiscussion* r/suggestmeabook* r/truebooks* r/currentlyreading
634	adjudicated	3	I agree, but I do have some thoughts on this plot hole (sorry in advance for the wall of text). I think that the Order's members magic (Tonks casting "Locomotor Trunk", etc) at the Dursley's House did actually register with the Trace and the Ministry did send additional owls telling Harry he had committed further crimes. However, by the time the Ministry would have sent these owl, Harry would have left Privet Drive well before they arrived. I mean, it did take some time for the ones the Ministry sent for the Patronus charm to show up at the Dursleys house (the owls only started arriving well after Harry had carried Dudley home with Mrs. Figg, and then got into a heated argument with the Uncle Vernon). Why then did Harry not receive these letters from the owls? Well shortly after he left the Dursleys, he arrived at Number 12 Grimmauld Place. While I'm not exactly sure how a secret keeper would affect how efficiently an owl can deliver a letter to the intended receiver, I don't think the letters would have gotten to Harry. After his trial while Harry is waiting for his fifth year letter to arrive listing what textbooks he would need for the upcoming year, the letter isn't delivered to him directly. It's Ron who brings it to him: [quote]The lateness of the letters arrival may simply be because Harry, Ron and Hermione were at a location with a secret keeper and they could not be delivered properly. Regardless, if the ministry had sent letters to Harry for magic the Order members did while collecting him from the Dursleys, I do not think these letters would have reached him. They would have not been delivered, or would have gone to Dumbledore (the secret keeper) or some other Order member living there at the time.So if the ministry did actually send letters to Harry about this magic, the next question would be why didn't the ministry bring it up at his trial? I'd suspect Dumbledore would have been able to clear it up easily. When Harry first cast the patronus charm, he was told in one of the letters he received from Mr. Weasley that Dumbledore was at the ministry talking to Fudge and dealing with the situation. Eventually Dumbledore was able to get his expulsion suspended until Harry went to his Hearing. So this shows that Dumbledore was actively involved in this case. So while Harry was waiting for his trial at Grimmauld place, I think Dumbledore could have easily presented evidence to the ministry via priori incantatem to show that Tonks or whoever had casted magic when collecting Harry, getting those charges dropped.I agree with OP this is a plot hole, but I think the Ministry did detect Tonks and others magic at the Dursley's house. They likely sent a letter to Harry with additional charges but he never received it (he was at Grimmauld Place) and Dumbledore cleared the situation up before it could be brought up at Harry's trial.
635	adjudicated	3	John Perkins started and stopped writing Confessions of an Economic Hit Man four times over 20 years. He says he was threatened and bribed in an effort to kill the project, but after 9/11 he finally decided to go through with this expose of his former professional life. Perkins, a former chief economist at Boston strategic-consulting firm Chas. T. Main, says he was an "economic hit man" for 10 years, helping U.S. intelligence agencies and multinationals cajole and blackmail foreign leaders into serving U.S. foreign policy and awarding lucrative contracts to American business. "Economic hit men (EHMs) are highly paid professionals who cheat countries around the globe out of trillions of dollars," Perkins writes. Confessions of an Economic Hit Man is an extraordinary and gripping tale of intrigue and dark machinations. Think John Le Carré, except it's a true story.
636	adjudicated	1	I also think my older cousins thought it was funny to terrorise me. :/
637	adjudicated	3	**[Mongolian death worm] [link]The Mongolian death worm (Mongolian: олгой-хорхой, olgoi-khorkhoi, "large intestine worm") is a creature alleged to exist in the Gobi Desert. The creature first came to Western attention as a result of Roy Chapman Andrews's 1926 book On the Trail of Ancient Man. The American paleontologist described second-hand tales of the monster that he heard at a gathering of Mongolian officials: "None of those present ever had seen the creature, but they all firmly believed in its existence and described it minutely".
638	adjudicated	3	[outside link] Caitlín R. Kiernan is one of dark fantasy and horror’s most acclaimed and influential short fiction writers. Her powerful, unexpected stories shatter morality, gender, and sexuality: a reporter is goaded by her toxic girlfriend into visiting sadistic art exhibits; a countess in a decaying movie theater is sated by her servants; a collector offers his greatest achievement to ensnare a musician who grieves for her missing sister. In this retrospective collection of her finest work—previously only available in limited editions—Kiernan cuts straight to the heart of the emotional truths we cannot ignore.
639	adjudicated	2	Forget not that it is a city like all others. If you want to experience real interesting things, start an activity that will connect you to people in zurich. One of the greatest things is dancing: check out salsa and bachata if you want to experience greatest moments. Else i suggest sports like volleyball or cultural activities like sailing or bookdiscussion groups. Whatever stick to an activity, without it, wherever you go it seems boring and empty. With it great and all starts deveoping on its own
640	adjudicated	3	/r/AskLiteraryStudies
641	adjudicated	2	I remember when he was on the Raiders, he had a bookclub or blog about his read list
642	adjudicated	2	For strictly ELA, the kids like having sheets so I pull from Evan Moor (through teacher file box) and the Moffatt Girls (TPT). Then I just read from the books that interest us from the booklists of B+R and torchlight.
643	adjudicated	1	Possibly a sub like [r/AskLiteraryStudies][link]? It seems like r/books may be able to help? But literary studies does have a post near the top that makes it seem like they get a lot of questions they don't like answering so who knows...
644	adjudicated	1	his sub is kinda garbage IMO. Its turned into pop culture Oprah bookclub wishing for fairy magic stuff. You need to realize that everything is energy, so you need to find ways to get your internal world in tune with the reality you want. meditation and Neville Goddard as already suggested. The most important thing is you need to work with your subconscious to accept your affirmations or whatever.
645	adjudicated	3	[link] Lüshi (traditional Chinese: 律詩; simplified Chinese: 律诗; pinyin: lǜshī; Wade–Giles: lü-shih) refers to a specific form of Classical Chinese poetry verse form. One of the most important poetry forms of classical Chinese poetry, the lüshi refers to an eight-line regulated verse form with lines made up of five, six, or seven characters; thus:  Five-character eight-line regulated verse (wulü): a form of regulated verse with eight lines of five characters each. Six-character eight-line regulated verse is relatively rare. Seven-character eight-line regulated verse (qilü): a form of regulated verse with eight lines of seven characters each. 
646	adjudicated	2	/r/ScottMeyer was the best I could find. For a lot of, lets say not super popular authors, there's not going to be much better sadly, you'd be better off discussing it in /r/books, /r/bookdiscussion, /r/fantasy, and so on.
647	adjudicated	3	The incredible true story of the women who fought America's Undark dangerThe Curies' newly discovered element of radium makes gleaming headlines across the nation as the fresh face of beauty, and wonder drug of the medical community. From body lotion to tonic water, the popular new element shines bright in the otherwise dark years of the First World War.Meanwhile, hundreds of girls toil amidst the glowing dust of the radium-dial factories. The glittering chemical covers their bodies from head to toe; they light up the night like industrious fireflies. With such a coveted job, these "shining girls" are the luckiest alive—until they begin to fall mysteriously ill.But the factories that once offered golden opportunities are now ignoring all claims of the gruesome side effects, and the women's cries of corruption. And as the fatal poison of the radium takes hold, the brave shining girls find themselves embroiled in one of the biggest scandals of America's early 20th century, and in a groundbreaking battle for workers' rights that will echo for centuries to come.Written with a sparkling voice and breakneck pace, The Radium Girls fully illuminates the inspiring young women exposed to the "wonder" substance of radium, and their awe-inspiring strength in the face of almost impossible circumstances. Their courage and tenacity led to life-changing regulations, research into nuclear bombing, and ultimately saved hundreds of thousands of lives.
648	adjudicated	1	popheads takeover of /r/52book in action let's go
649	adjudicated	2	I found [this list] [link] on SocialJustice.org and there's a short list of books covering American slavery at the bottom of [this page][link]for middle readers. For the Chinese Exclusion Act, I found two books specifically mentioned [here][link]. Sadly, I haven't read *any* of the middle-level books listed on any of these pages, so I cannot make specific recommendations.
650	adjudicated	2	This was another The Alchemist for me. Everyone in my bookclub loved it and found it deeply insightful. I really wanted to like it but I just found it cliché. I agree with others that the protagonist wasn't relatable... things just kept happening to her. It was a frustrating read.
651	adjudicated	2	If I have a specific question about a particular book I am referencing, AskLiteraryStudies (or any classics-related forum) can be useful. I find that the more I work, the more my questions are about other books anyway.
652	adjudicated	1	I second this. My bookclub just finished this book this week and there's so many great lessons to learn in here.
653	adjudicated	3	[link]Paulo Coelho's enchanting novel has inspired a devoted following around the world. This story, dazzling in its powerful simplicity and soul-stirring wisdom, is about an Andalusian shepherd boy named Santiago, who travels from his homeland in Spain to the Egyptian desert in search of a treasure buried near the Pyramids. 
654	adjudicated	1	The book is ok, there are better works by him.
655	adjudicated	3	Thought in which sense? In terms of literature, he (along with Keats and some other English Romantic poets) certainly had a large impact, especially on the Transcendentalists. His influence on Hemingway is very clear. For the first half of his life, Coleridge was not only a firm abolitionist, but also openly advocated the idea of full equality of all races in all manners. This modern liberalism (in fact, Coleridge in the first half of his life can be classified as a radical in terms contemporary to his time) found in his lectures and poems definitely influenced American artists' thought in the late nineteenth century and it can be argued that this contributed to the increased demand for some form of racial equality among *fin de siècle* artistic circles in the US. It must be noted, however, that in the second half of his live, Coleridge grew increasingly conservative, began to justify racism and slavery, and even advocated a form of proto-social Darwinism based off of the Bible, something to which he had previously vehemently argued humans should not defer in the context of race. You will likely get a more comprehensive answer if you ask this question on r/askliterarystudies. I hope this helps! :D
656	adjudicated	2	The bookclub Sub is in the middle of one actually.  They are starting SoS next month.  It seems a lot of them plan on attempting to do the Cosmere after, so it might not be a bad idea to set up a Cosmere one, start with a Mistborn read along now to try and line up with the book club ending theirs with the release and presumable reading of TLM.    Then all the bookclubbers can hope on over for a continuation into the deeper Cosmere.
657	adjudicated	2	Mods may shortly remind you of rule 3
658	adjudicated	2	I've just settled with the idea that this sub is about booksI figured that out just from the name.not literature.Well, as literature is a subset of books in general, it doesn't make sense that this sub would be strictly about literature. As luck would have it, though, there is a sub entirely devoted to literature. It's called /r/literature. If you want a sub dedicated to book discussions (vs. anything generally about books), you might try /r/bookdiscussion. That seems to be a lightly populated sub right now, so it seems like a handful of users (say, for instance, the ones in threads like this complaining of a lack of book discussion) could go over there and make it into the kind of  sub they want /r/books to be. There is also, /r/bookclub, which is also dominated by book discussion. Though they are obviously primarily focused on the current books of the month, not exclusively so.
659	adjudicated	1	It was the most difficult book I've ever Read Run/ bookclub!!
660	adjudicated	1	While I don't want to slight this subreddit, I think you've got a lot more chance of getting a comprehensive answer to this on a sub like r/AskLiteraryStudies, r/classics, or perhaps r/AskHistorians.
661	adjudicated	2	There's No Bookclub Jeff award
662	adjudicated	2	It was a slower week for me. * I read **The Black Tides of Heaven, by Neon Yang**: I loved the worldbuilding behind this silkpunk novella, there’s simply a massive influx of creativity obvious here. That said, I had some issues with the pacing the characterizations, in all it just felt a bit rushed.* 85% complete and will soon finish **Dune Messiah, by Frank Herbert**. The climax is really compelling! I will absolutely be moving ahead with Children of Dune after this. * Done 6 out of 9 short stories in **Exhalation; Stories, by Ted Chiang.** This has been such a wonderful reading experience. Top stories so far are the Merchant and the Alchemist's Gate, Exhalation (the title story), and Truth of Fact, Truth of Feeling (which I read this morning and absolutely adored). * 25% complete **Drive Your Plow over the Bones of the Dead**, **by Olga Tokarczuk.** I'm really enjoying it. Surprisingly laugh-out-loud funny at some points, and just such creative fiction here. 
663	adjudicated	1	 I'm thinking central Phoenix to North Tempe/South Scottsdale area. Open to other ideas though. 
664	adjudicated	1	Get a pet. Make some friends. Join a bookclub. Join a church. There are many ways not to be lonely. I love my kids, but they have their own lives, and one of them lives a couple of thousand miles from me. They don’t belong to me, and it’s not their job to make me happy
665	adjudicated	1	She is already a pretty big name in Malayam, and this novel has made her a pretty big name in translated fiction circles. Check it out if you are looking for any regional stuff.I want to read Indian stuff more man. I'm so oblivious to it that it's straight up shamefulI've got a book downloaded I still need to get to that. Ugh fuck my lazy arse.
666	adjudicated	1	I started listening to downtown for the Christmas music and it's ended up just being on in my car, and it's fucking cat. None of the presenters have any personality to speak of, there's even a show where they have two guys on and between them they don't have a personality. There's a woman with a monotone who sounds like she's either brainwashed or reading off a page.So not that.U105 is a bit better but if you're really listening to it it's awful. They play the same songs far too often and you'll never want to hear Oops Upside Your Head ever again. They have three newreaders who eternally sound like it's their first day on the job and they are sitting dying after being up all night taking coke. Carolyn Stewart's show is pretty good, Frank Mitchell's can be depending on what he's talking about but that's more down to the people who ring in.
667	adjudicated	2	There's also the [weekly recommendation thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/books/comments/2mgd3p/weekly_recommendation_thread_for_the_week_of/) and the various recommendation subs pulled from this [List of book related subs](http://www.reddit.com/r/BookRelatedSubs/wiki/sublist)
668	adjudicated	2	I think celebrity memoir Bookclub (the podcast) has done stassis. I haven’t heard that episode but they usually spill all the tea and have some good banter.
669	adjudicated	1	Our post Mormon bookclub read “Zealot” last year! It made so much more sense to me than anything I had heard at church. We also read “sapiens” and “who wrote the Bible” Right around the same time and that was pretty much it for me! Highly recommend this trio of books!
670	adjudicated	2	Your post is better suited to the [link] or /r/52book.
671	adjudicated	1	You mean r/bookdiscussion?
672	adjudicated	1	He asked me to get naked sa videocall after ng bookdiscussion
673	adjudicated	1	That’s really no different than this little millionaire booklet I saw being talked about on Instagram 5-7 years ago. It had the millionaire mindset to get to a millionaire status and people were including it all over their booklists. It was $7 dollars so I bought one out of curiosity. Pretty much just a TLDR of one or two rich dad poor dad quotes mixed in with a you just need to sell a $20 product 50,000 times, or a $200 product 5,000 times, etc. So your dad had a joke but people do it all the time lol
674	adjudicated	3	How to Be A Perfect Stranger (6th Edition): The Essential Religious Etiquette Handbook [link]Judaism specific:The Book of Jewish Values: A Day-by-Day Guide to Ethical Living [link]Rabbi Jill Jacobs and Rabbi Jonathan Sacks both have written a fair amount of justice/ethics/morality books also but I'm less familiar with those. More generally sometimes the easiest way to avoid saying the wrong thing or to come off as polite is to broaden your knowledge base and what perspectives you've explored. Something like these books might work: [link]
675	adjudicated	3	If you read my post you’d see that I had already started one of the books for a book club I joined, so I was definitely not looking for recommendations in that regard. I was looking for comments that would inspire good discussion, like the first comment saying that I should definitely read Ready Player One prior to watching the movie.  
676	adjudicated	2	Just found r/52book which seems like a more chill bookclub. Probably a good spot to search for bookbuddies as well.
677	adjudicated	2	As a kid I was constantly reading. I zapped right through 500 page Harry Potter books. As a teen I hardly read any books. I also didn't read a lot of the litterature I had to read for school. I just memorized a summary I found online. Yes, I know, I'm trash, but I honestly got better grades when I didn't read the book, because in tests and book reports I focussed less on unimportant details. As an adult I really wanted to read more, because I do like it, but I often started books, but didn't finish them, because I lost interest. What helped me read more as an adult was start a bookclub so I had to read at least one book a month. Also, weirdly Goodreads helped me read more, because you can update your progress and see an overview of the books you've read in a year. That just gives a little serotonine boost whenever I update my progress or finish a book. Last year I read 34 books.
678	adjudicated	1	In the book I'm looking for, the boy and his parents are kind of the only vampires where they live besides the enemy vampires from what I can remember! I've looked through many of the vampire book lists on Goodreads and couldn't find it so I'm assuming it's not very well known which makes it so much harder to find.
679	adjudicated	3	Please post lists of books in /r/booklists.
680	adjudicated	2	This is a sub for pictures of people's bookshelves. /r/books, /r/bookdiscussion, /r/paranormalromance, and /r/YALit would be better places for this.
681	adjudicated	1	Oh, my bad.In this case, my number one advice—trite as it may be—is to *write much* and to *read even more*. 
682	adjudicated	1	I got you fam.Here you go /u/syphilis_pretzel. The link, is on the sidebar.[link]
683	adjudicated	2	Yes, I did. It was phenomenal. [Here][link]  are my thoughts.
684	adjudicated	2	I was taking with someone about making a queer/butch bookclub discord
685	adjudicated	1	Let me know if you're interested and send me a message! Have a great day :)
686	adjudicated	1	You should check out /r/52book, it’s a challenge to read at least 1 book a week for a year.Lol, I have zero aspiration to do anything close to this with my free time.
687	adjudicated	3	If you are unclear about the removal reason you should ask in reply to the mod comment in your original post, or send a question to modmail.Here is the relevant section of rules regarding book lists, with the specific part bolded. No low quality book lists. To maintain quality, the list must encourage discussion. For linked lists the list itself must have descriptive paragraphs for each book. Users are also encouraged to submit their own unique lists as a self/text-post. **Original lists should have at least a paragraph explaining the reason for the list and include some further thoughts on at least a few of the books.** The poster must have actually read each book. Alternatively, there is /r/booklists.If you are still unclear about why your post was removed please reply here or use modmail.
688	adjudicated	3	I'm a witch who's been practicing since the 1980s, and I'm a big book nerd too.  I've been putting together lists of some of the better books on various witchy topics such as working with herbs, trance work, spirits, and have the lists available at my website here: [link]You should probably also check out some of the other witch-related subreddits as they often have lists of recommended books in their FAQs and wikis, and the participants are pretty good about suggesting books if you ask for specific topics.  Check out r/witchcraft, r/WitchesVsPatriarchy, r/SASSWitches, r/paganism, r/FriendlyPagans, r/witchcraftbookclub,   r/realwitchcraft and r/AskWitches in particular.
689	adjudicated	1	I read a lot!  You should join r/52book!  You don’t have to have a goal of 52 any goal is fine and it’s a nice chill welcoming book sub.
690	adjudicated	1	lets make one...would be like a bookclub...every week we get a new cock to suck and chat about it...every week? is that too infrequent hehe
691	adjudicated	1	Man this sub really needs a rule about not posting homework help, /r/askliterarystudies already has one.
692	adjudicated	1	What an original post 😱!: [link]
693	adjudicated	2	These are tagged as "general" /r/BookCollecting/r/bookdiscussion/r/bookent/r/Bookies/r/booklists/r/BookPreviews/r/BookRelatedSubs/r/books/r/BooksAMA/r/BooksForOver30/r/BookshelfDetective/r/booktoursignup
694	adjudicated	3	Klara and the Sun is the eighth novel by the Nobel Prize-winning British writer Kazuo Ishiguro, published on 2 March 2021. It is a dystopian science fiction story. Set in the U.S. in an unspecified future, the book is told from the point of view of Klara, a solar-powered AF (Artificial Friend), who is chosen by Josie, a sickly child, to be her companion. The novel was longlisted for the 2021 Booker Prize.
695	adjudicated	1	Sidebar....
696	adjudicated	2	I meant she needs to do something like a bookclub and not rely on you for her social needs. She should not be attempting to make her happiness your responsibility.
697	adjudicated	1	I also told him that I think it would be a good idea for him to talk to a counselor or therapist at least once to get some advice on how to deal with someone who is so emotionally abusive and cruel. And besides, I just can't keep hearing about how awful she is every other day. It's too distressing and triggering for me.
698	adjudicated	2	You probably haven't experienced discrimination based on anti-paganism or anti-atheism. Think it was the 90s or 00s that being non-conforming to religion actually became somewhat accepted without social or economic repercussion, in most places.
699	adjudicated	1	go ahead she needs more friends for her bookclub i think
700	adjudicated	2	Is there a box immediately above your post here saying “Check out r/AskLiteraryStudies”?
701	adjudicated	3	You'll be better served at /r/askliterarystudies
702	adjudicated	2	In seattle, there’s Ye Olde Curiosity Shoppe and a great horror movie section at MoPop.
703	adjudicated	1	I know this may sound goofy but I’ve been trying to train myself to put down the phone and pick up the kindle or a paper book whenever I see a picture of a book/read list/post in /r/books or /r/52book (I just got curious about this post and clicked in)
704	adjudicated	1	I love the discussion post style bookclub. I'm new to Reddit and came from a discord/video call bookclub so this is totally different! You're not put on the spot, you can pick and choose what you respond to, word vomit a little without interrupting anyone. I certainly didn't appreciate it enough in school lol.
705	adjudicated	1	I'm a bot, *bleep*, *bloop*. Someone has linked to this thread from another place on reddit
706	adjudicated	3	Check out the r/broomclosetwitch wiki, they have links to occult PDF libraries might be helpful. Also try r/heathery, they've posted a few links to booklists if I remember correctly.
707	adjudicated	1	Oh my fucking god 😂😂
708	adjudicated	1	I legit think you/your husband would be surprised how many "literary" readers also read similar level books - everyone I know that reads a lot (and in the more "highbrow" reas like classics or whatever) also read percy jackson, artemis fowl etc. 
709	adjudicated	2	Are all the parents going to work and add value to society, or will some just join a bookclub.
710	adjudicated	1	u/migmatite_rock You're two examples are blatantly political and don't represent much of what constitutes literary theory although they may represent what is often on reddit.My colleague did not direct to r/AskLiteraryStudies, and I would send you there.This is something entirely different than the things that Eagleton gets published in journals about writers like Dickens (an which i admittedly have not read).If you have a specific item you're reading, send me a message in chat and I will not hesitate to help you if I can.  However, if your question is on the specific nature of literary criticism, I'm going to warn you that you will be met with hostility, and that the best place to ask for assistance is probably r/AskLiteraryStudies.  It's not the duty of people on reddit in a book forum to defend the practice of literary criticism.  No one here owes you any time.  As I said, I will happily, in my own time, do what I can, but concern trolling is trolling and there are forums where asking difficult questions about literary theory are really the main point of the forum ( r/AskLiteraryStudies).
711	adjudicated	3	/r/52Book - A subreddit for the participants of the 52 Book Challenge (one book per week for a year) to discuss their progress and discoveries/r/AskLiteraryStudies - A multi-lingual community for discussing literary works and studies/r/BookDiscussion - For general discussion of books/r/BookQuotes - For sharing and discussing quotes from books/r/CurrentlyReading - For sharing and discussing the book you are currently reading/r/GoodReads - For general discussion of Goodreads, a reader recommendation sharing site/r/JustFinishedReading - For sharing your thoughts on what you just read
712	adjudicated	1	There was a story that Searle told at one point about Foucault, where Searle asked Foucault You're so clear when speaking to me, so why the hell do you write so badly?  And Foucault said In France, if you don't have at least 10% incomprehensibility, people don't think you're very profound.  (I don't have the direct quote but it was basically that).
713	adjudicated	2	also /r/bookdiscussion exists as well
714	adjudicated	2	[link]You can do it through a book or a movie first before talking about a child. Like find a book or a movie with an autistic character and watch it a few times together
715	adjudicated	1	/r/books hot threads are truly the bottom of the barrel for book related shit lmao. i still like the what are you reading threads and sometimes if you can catch something that doesnt get more than 50 comments it's ok.  seconding /r/52book as a good alternative! it's very fun and positive and generally less... weird about specific books/genres/audiences. i also have been having a pretty good time in /r/Fantasy (tho big threads can still get weird) and also there are too many authors i like with active accounts! i don't want to be perceived by authors ever thank you. agree on /r/YAlit having good vibes too tho i'm not really a ya reader anymore.i also hang out in /r/HobbyDrama and /r/iamveryculinary and stop by like... /r/houseplants every so often
716	adjudicated	3	I'll list a some books in a few different categories that I think might fit what you're suggesting. None of these are very unique or obscure, as a lot of these are from advanced language arts classes I had in high school and college. They did give a good general base of knowledge and were all interesting reads at worst, and formative at best. That's also not to say I liked all of them - but I'll put my thoughts later. Some of these are in my personal library as well. **Nonfiction*** Philosophy/Politics   * *Apology* and *Phaedo* by Plato; both chronicle events towards the end of Socrates' life, and as far as philosophy can be funny, the *Apology* is    * *The Prince* by Machiavelli; I won't lie, I despise the principles in this book, but it explains (to me) a lot of why the world is the way that it is    * As far as Christian philosophy goes, I would recommend anything by C.S. Lewis (yes, the guy that wrote Narnia), especially *Mere Christianity* if you're looking into apologetics. I've also heard good things about *The Screwtape Letters* if you want something a bit more readable, though I haven't read that one personally. Dante's *Divine Comedy* is another option, if a bit tedious to get through. * Other   * *Into Thin Air* by Jon Krakauer; I cannot recommend this book enough. I've also read *Into the Wild* but I didn't find it quite as compelling as this one   * *In Cold Blood* by Truman Capote; a good read if you're at all interested in crime stories (side note: there is a fascinating conspiracy that Capote is actually the author of *To Kill a Mockingbird*)   * *On Writing* by Stephen King for some reason; not sure why this one stuck with me but it sure did    * *The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat* by Oliver Sacks; saw it mentioned elsewhere in this thread too. Good book, humorous for what content it contains**Fiction*** Race relations/Black history   * *The Help* by Kathryn Stockett; fantastic movie and even better book   * *Beloved* by Toni Morrison; frankly any book by her is worth a read * Sociology?    * *Let the Great World Spin* by Colum McCann; probably up there with the best books I've ever read and probably #1 on this whole list   * *The Scarlet Letter* by Nathaniel Hawthorne   * *The Poisonwood Bible* by Barbara Kingsolver* Psychology    * *Room* by Emma Donoghue; gripping and chilling and in general an amazing read* Shakespeare   * I really liked *Othello* and *The Merchant of Venice*. *Hamlet* is a good read because you'll find similar plot structures in a lot of famous things (it gets contrasted with the Lion King a lot)So that's a brief list of reads that I found most memorable/helpful/worldview-refining. 
717	adjudicated	1	A good time to do it! Semi-related: a bookclub friend read all the *Dune* stuff -- meaning the ones by Frank Herbert (6) and the ones by his son, Brian, which was something insane like 25. More or less back-to-back (he had to slot in the club reads of course). I don't know how he did on it. I couldn't keep my reading that focused. I need some variety.
718	adjudicated	1	Not everyone in 52book does 52 - it’s absolutely ‘pick your own number’. Last year I aimed for 50 so I could give myself a couple of weeks leeway
719	adjudicated	2	Yes, it happens in /r/AskLiteraryStudies a fair amount. [quote].
720	adjudicated	2	There is a [bookdiscussion][link] subreddit that looks like it never got off of the ground, but it could if enough of us participated in it.  I love reading /literature and /printsf, but they certainly don't cover most of what I actually read.
721	adjudicated	1	We are here . . . r/52book
722	adjudicated	2	maybe /r/whattolistenwhen could help? if it's still active, it's a sister sub to /r/whattoreadwhen
723	adjudicated	2	Well known classics. I'm trying to go through the interesting books on the PBS Great American Read list. An excellent place to find a book if I'm stuck on what to read next.
724	adjudicated	1	Try out This Is How You Lose The Time War.
725	adjudicated	1	This. I joined r/52book last year, and on the whole it was really great. But the completionist in me started pushing through books I didn't really want to, just to get "credit", and I was also flying through books when I didn't feel like reading.I don't want it to be like that. Trying to find my personal middle ground between goal setting and burning out.
726	adjudicated	3	You should post it on /r/suggestmeabook or /r/whattoreadwhen. These subs are more suitable for recommendations.
727	adjudicated	2	Gentlemen, it's been a pleasure. Now I'll take my bookish snobbery somewhere else. Perhaps /r/literature or /r/newbooks or maybe even /r/bookdiscussion
728	adjudicated	1	just recently this children's book was released showing gay porn to kids. a fucking children's reading bookclub was inviting this weird costumed man with a cock.
729	adjudicated	3	Not sure about your book, but you might try skimming through the Weird West booklists on Goodreads: [link]
730	adjudicated	3	Your post has been removed because while we know our members love books, this subreddit is for discussions about Kindles. We realize those discussions may end up including book talk, and there is a [sticked post to discuss this here][link].Alternatively, you may also be interested in r/books or r/bookdiscussion.---This is not an automated removal. If you feel this was removed in error, feel free to [message the moderators.][link]
731	adjudicated	3	From bestselling writer David Graeber, a powerful argument against the rise of meaningless, unfulfilling jobs, and their consequences.
732	adjudicated	1	/r/whattoreadwhen
733	adjudicated	1	Finished **Red, White &amp; Royal Blue** by Casey McQuiston and **Shadow and Bone** by Leigh Bardugo. 
734	adjudicated	2	How much energy does it cost to ignore people? If you don't want to hear about the movie, then listen to something else, like music.And it IS unreasonable to expect him to not even talk about the movie/his interests with his friends (especially when you only asked him to not talk about it with you).
735	adjudicated	3	You’re most likely going to be sent to r/suggestmeabook, r/booksuggestions, or r/whattoreadwhen. They have serious bibliographers who can help you out.
736	adjudicated	2	/r/bookdiscussion ? It seems mostly abandoned, but the mods are still active in other subs, so if they're not interested in moderating, perhaps they could add someone from here who wants to do it.
737	adjudicated	3	look up Charlotte Mason booklists for you child's age.
738	adjudicated	1	Okay mod hat off.So none of these were what you were looking for? You can request abandoned subs in /r/redditrequest so you can start with existing subscribers rather than adding book sub number 755:* /r/truebooks* /r/currentlyreading* /r/Casual_Books* /r/CasualBooks* /r/BooksUncensored* /r/Bookies* /r/bookdiscussion
739	adjudicated	2	r/RomanceBooks is a good place to go for romance suggestionsI'd also suggest r/52book it's ostensibly for folks trying to read a book a week but I find a bunch of great books from what other folks are reading. Some great (fantasy) romance/YA I've read in the last couple of years:A Court of Thorns and Roses    Scythe    The Cruel Prince    Scholomance    Song of AchillesHouse in the Cerulean SeaGideon the NinthReady Player One (if you're into games)    Rick Riordan's books if you haven't already read
740	adjudicated	1	Gotta respect it regardless, my way of kings hardback is ‘bookclub edition’ so it’s an inch shorter than all the others on my shelf 🙈
741	adjudicated	3	A few scattered thoughts and suggestions:- Journals: If you believe your work is good enough, just submit to your favourite journals in your field. Chances are the journals you enjoy reading would also like the kind of things you write. Go for a more specialised journal if the big ones seem intimidating. You should put a bit of thought into it, though, since you can only submit an article to one at a time.- University departments: AFAIK, American universities will be fine with a much vague PhD project than European ones, where you'll be expected to go in and start working right away, while there's usually a year or two of coursework (like a second MA) in the US. Other people will have more precise recommendations, I hope.- If you have any literary interests at all, check out comparative literature departments in the US, as well as English and modern language departments. This last might be a bit of an awkward fit for you as your interests are in German but that's not one of your languages.- /r/AskLiteraryStudies is good if you do look at lit departments. There's also /r/ComparativeLiterature, but it's quite small. /r/GradSchool might be good too, but I don't know that sub at all.
742	adjudicated	3	Try /r/TrueBooks or /r/CurrentlyReading other /r/bookdiscussion subs seem to be inactive. 
743	adjudicated	1	I'll be honest I get most of my updates on happenings in the US from The Daily Show and The LAte Show. &amp;#x200B;Sad sign when I trust comedians to get it right than actual newreaders
744	adjudicated	1	2021 was the year I tried audiobooks for the first time. But I just needed to have the physical copies too. It's a bad habit I'm trying to overcome. I have had some REALLY good reads this year. I rated them in tiers (I regret putting "Shout" in good and not great) I hope this answers your question. [Books rated in tiers][link]
745	adjudicated	2	Might be worth asking this on r/AskLiteraryStudies if you have not done so yet
746	adjudicated	1	I'll have to try Story Graph.Zlib has two separate features for keep track of books, Favorites and Booklists. They're both great and really well coded. I much prefer the layout of the booklists to the favorites and I'm trying to migrate all my favorites over there, but you have to do it one book at a time and I have 35 pages of them :(
747	adjudicated	2	r/bookclub are doing a read along of this right now also if you’re interested.
748	adjudicated	2	Chaiery was told by booksmarts that some people might not think she is black enough to say the word nigga casually. He said she should probably stop. They apparently had an argument at the time and reached no satifactory conclusion, later on stream Chaiery talked about the interaction and how she thought that booksmart was just too scared to say that he thought she wasn't black enough to say nigga and was hiding behind an imaginary group of people who wouldn't think she was black enough. Memes ensued but I'm not part of the bookclub so I don't know if he's actually getting cancelled or if people are just clowning him on twitter.
749	adjudicated	3	I will be messaging you in 14 days.
750	adjudicated	1	Yep. Looks like your post violates this rule of that subreddit: [link]
751	adjudicated	3	You should ask this on r/askliterarystudies, since it's been removed here.
752	adjudicated	2	If you haven't done so yet, come and join everyone in r/52book. The challenge is to read 1 book a week for a year but really it's just about setting out your own goals. Whether it's 5 or 100.
753	adjudicated	2	I’m new to the 52book challenge and I’d love to make some friends. I like fantasy, sci-fi, and fiction. Currently finishing up Dune. I’d love some recommendations and discussions! [Goodreads][link]
754	adjudicated	1	 Forever Never is dual POV :) You can probably find a lot of recs that are by using the search function. You might run into some rants from folks who don't like it (I do) but people mention it or ask the question often enough that you should be able to find some good recs! I remember seeing The Bromance Bookclub getting shout outs as a fun one for men to read but I haven't read it yet myself. 
755	adjudicated	2	Our kids prefer to own most of their books so they can share and re-read. Libraries have book sales. Try booksalefinder.com. The Mensa website has good booklists broken down by age group. You can also google top 100 kids chapter books of all time and start there.
756	adjudicated	2	/r/linguistics or /r/askhistorians or /r/askliterarystudies would be better places to find this info.
757	adjudicated	1	I think it has a good story, the lack of difficulty or progression ruins it for me though. I really don’t need the uniquely named overland drop and there are better ways of gaining experience. I guess my issue is, I want to play the game not watch a movie.
758	adjudicated	1	I don't think there's a good catch-all term here... though you could check with r/askliterarystudies as it's possible there's something more defined in that world that could be applied here.I've seen people use "Thematic Shift" to discuss the technique you seem to be describing. Though, I think that term applies pretty well to *Hereditary* and less so to something like *Mulholland Drive.*
759	adjudicated	1	When I was 6/7 yo this album scared the shit out of me.  I wasn't old enough to appreciate that voices coming though the speakers speaking like newsreaders *weren't actually newreaders*.
760	adjudicated	1	New from Robert Garofalo, an instructional unit on Milhaud's original classic work for band, Suite Francaise. This incredible teaching tool contains Interpretive Analysis, Folk Song Sources, Teacher's Lesson Plan and Student Learning Guide. Written for any band or orchestra conductor planning to perform this work. An outstanding teaching tool that applies the MENC "Standards" to the podium. A "MUST HAVE" for the serious wind band conductor!
761	adjudicated	1	Thank you for posting this! I have been very dismayed to see some of the attitudes from FFA bubbling over into my real life. I’m in the US and in a bookclub of 8 women in their 30s. Pretty much every meeting there’s a conversation about being too old for fashion. People talk about buying cheap leggings from Costco because they don’t want to spend money on clothes and how nothing fits their decrepit 35-year-old body. The Costco leggings are my real life version of the greige sack. Ugh! I hate this attitude! Of course, not everyone is into fashion and has money to spend on it, but I feel the prevailing attitude is that if you are over 30 and not a size 2, fashion is not for you and you are frivolous for thinking about it.
762	adjudicated	1	There's a lot of subreddits for different genres! (though they have varying levels of activity). Here are a few: /r/fantasy /r/romancenovels /r/YAlit /r/DystopianBooks /r/HorrorLit /r/paranormalromance /r/urbanfantasy /r/GraphicNovelsThere's also some other subreddits that are geared towards discussing books (again, varying levels of activity):/r/BookDiscussion /r/CurrentlyReading /r/JustFinishedReading /r/TrueBooksFinally, there are subreddits devoted to specific series or authors, like /r/lotr or /r/KingKillerChronicle .(if none of those float your boat, check out a full list [here][link]
763	adjudicated	1	Hmm, I'll poke around and see if I can find some good book recommendations - most of my stuff is sci-fi and fantasy. You might venture over to /r/books or /r/whattoreadwhen and check with their librarians! \^^
764	adjudicated	1	Opened the movie, skipped to the random point and the one enacting shakuni delivers the dialogue "yudhishthira has one weakness, he loves gambling". Loves gambling!!! I am pretty sure it is a wrong claim, don't watch it.
765	adjudicated	3	I will be messaging you in 4 days on to remind you of [**this link**][link]
766	adjudicated	1	r/whattoreadwhen is kinda slow, but could work as well
767	adjudicated	1	Idk I’ve been doing a 52 book challenge on r/52book for like 8ish years now. It’s mainly a way to make myself carve out time for reading. The first year was definitely a stretch and these days I don’t always make it to 52, sometimes more sometimes less, but it has been a great way to keep up a good habit.
768	adjudicated	3	The German sociologist Dominik Schrage wrote a genealogy of consumption called *Die Verfügbarkeit der Dinge* in 2009. While the book has not yet received an English translation, Schrage has at least published a [short summary][link]A classic that nobody has recommended so far - and that you are probably aware of anyway - but which I thought worth mentioning is Pierre Bourdieu's *Distinction*. An earlier classic well worth a read is Georg Simmel. Most of his *oeuvre* might prove a useful tool to make sense of the urbanization processes and accompanying lifestyle changes during the late 19th and early 20th century - and, given that Walter Benjamin had extensively read Simmel (cf. Marian Mičko, *Walter Benjamin und Georg Simmel*) it might be worth reading alongside Benjamin's *Arcades*. A good primer on Simmel's theories and their usefulness in literary studies is Julie Choi's [link]. (As I can imagine that you either already have read or will be reading Theodore Dreiser's *Sister Carrie*, you might also be interested in Ulfried Reichardt's "[Counting Success and Measuring Value: Money, Numbers, and Abstraction in Theodore Dreiser's 'Sister Carrie'][link]" in which he reads *Sister Carrie* through (and alongside) Georg Simmel's *Philosophy of Money*.)Two of Simmel's essays that immediately came to my mind are "The Metropolis and Mental Life" and "[Fashion][link]". In the former, Simmel explores the differences in social relations and individual psyche between rural and urban areas and - among other things - argues, that the city dweller has to become increasingly excentric as not to vanish in the anonymous crowds of the metropolis. In the latter - which might be especially useful whenever shopping practices revolve around clothing and/or the pursuit of changing trends - Simmel postulates that fashion is a form of imitation and so of social equalization, but, paradoxically, in changing incessantly, it differentiates one time from another and one social stratum from another. It unites those of a social class and segregates them from others. (Simmel 541)You might also want to cross-post to r/AskLiteraryStudies, if you haven't done so already.
769	adjudicated	2	r/books gave you permission to post this on r/AskLiteraryStudies ?
770	adjudicated	1	I know, that makes me so sad. :(  Can you imagine her poor boyfriend innocently getting excited over a movie and sharing his excitement with his friend, only to have her shit all over it for no reason as he wasn't even talking to her about it?  Geez, she probably ruined the film for him.  And is going to make him now second-guess bringing up other movies to his friends because he's worried he's annoying them, too.
771	adjudicated	1	Oh I'm not sure, you can try asking at r/askliterarystudies
772	adjudicated	1	Already done it mate, been Post Menopausal for \`\`10yrs, just didn't turn me into a lying whiny bitch like scummo.Tuesday- bookclub day on r/perth, the second worst day of work, one of the days you change your undies in the morning, your bin night.
773	adjudicated	1	Spend more time reading rather than checking out booklists, forums etc where you usually find new books to add? :)
774	adjudicated	1	Akala yata nila na figure of speech yung "To kill a Mockingbird".😂Di pala nila alam yun? May movie pa nga yun eh.
775	adjudicated	2	There's nothing petty about avoiding a person that behaves in bad ways.  **You aren't petty.  You deserve better than this.  You are setting up ways to protect yourself and detach yourself from the situation.**  I would distance yourself from both Josh, and from any discussions about Josh, except for reporting incidents.  I would also look into a decent lock on your bedroom door, so you can have privacy and protect your stuff.   And when you are done with school, I would look into the booklists on these subs and start to read about toxic people and toxic homes and learn how living there has affected you, and how to process and heal from it all.
776	adjudicated	2	Hey you should join r/52book if you've not already. I joined last year with the intention of reading 12 in a year and made it to 62. It was a great place to find new suggestions to read.
777	adjudicated	3	To summon this bot, the first line of your comment should be: /u/user_history_bot USERNAME
778	adjudicated	2	Right here is why they don't tell you anything. Never had to learn the lesson of "don't post anything online you wouldn't want your parents to hear" cus I already learned not to tell the parents anything I didn't want 14 Facebook pages and the Friday Church bookclub to know about
779	adjudicated	2	The best place to post your list is r/52book
780	adjudicated	1	Fingers crossed! :D
781	adjudicated	3	I apologize for being overly aggressive in my comment. Maybe because English isn’t your native language, your post came across as egotistic. What struck a nerve was that you were separating people into categories of intelligent and not intelligent and seemed to imply that the latter has nothing you could benefit from. This may not be what you meant, that’s just how it sounded.
782	adjudicated	3	Life is a journey of ups and downs, twists and turns, and everything in between. Watch Blake Belladonna as she navigates this uncertain road from start to finish, child to woman and more. She'll love and hate, lose and gain, and find out just how important family is in a world that does all it can to tear you down. Ladybug, Freezerburn on the side. Cover art by booksandweapons.
783	adjudicated	1	I agree with this 100%. All of the friends I made in college were in different majors than me! I hated the other history students! I joined a bookclub at my college and at the public library as well.
784	adjudicated	3	Euphuism is a peculiar mannered style of English prose. It takes its name from a prose romance  by John Lyly. It consists of a preciously ornate and sophisticated style, employing a deliberate excess of literary devices such as antitheses, alliterations, repetitions and  rhetorical questions. Classical learning and remote knowledge of all kinds are displayed.
785	adjudicated	3	Go to r/bookdiscussion
786	adjudicated	2	Ah, The Jungle. That was the first book I decided I didn’t have to finish. I’ll tell you when I quit reading it when you’re done. As far how the reading goes, if you just want to discuss the book once we’ve finished, I think we can just post on r/52book. If you want to have an ongoing discussion as we read, we might need a different sub.  r/Buddyread is a pretty empty sub and that might work for us as it’s uncluttered.
787	adjudicated	3	Here's a direct link to this group's recommended book list: [link]Since the group's own list is just at the beginning stage (only a few books listed there) here are some themed lists I've put together over the years that might interest you: [link]
788	adjudicated	1	Yep, it's never a bad idea to read through a sub's rules before posting:
789	adjudicated	2	r/badliterature r/askliterarystudies r/literature (the third one is only okay.) for some humor check out r/badreads (bad book reviews) and r/bookscirclejerk (making fun of the (mostly) morons on r/books). i also like r/bookcollecting cause a lot of cool rare books get posted and you can silently judge people’s personal libraries.
790	adjudicated	1	You’re gonna hate me for saying this, but he did visit a pyramid.
791	adjudicated	1	Aydra Richards is a fairly new regency HR author with ~600 total Goodreads ratings across her six published books. /u/Curious-Monk-6489 gave her a rec here, but I still wasn't expecting too much. Though some elements of her writing style took a bit of getting used to, I was shocked at how good the book was overall. I've since read most of her back catalogue and they are all home runs. I read a lot of regency historicals and I think she is now in my top three favourite authors in the category.
792	adjudicated	2	Indeed. I could see something of an argument for that if the OP has only listened NADDPOD C2, but even in that, everybody generally gets a good amount of screen time on NADDPOD. I can not make any definitive statement as to how she is on 8-Bit Bookclub, but given that the OP calls NADDPOD “her (Emily’s) show” makes me think he has listened to neither, as yes, NADDPOD is very much  equally everyone on it’s show as well.
793	adjudicated	2	We found about 95%of level K books at our library.  But we also have a spectacular library system. The booklists for LG and BYL are both available for free on their websites without purchasing the curriculum
794	adjudicated	1	Wow, that is really super helpful from a subreddit called "AskLiteraryStudies". Go fuck yourself.
795	adjudicated	1	Join a club on meetup! Every time I have moved cities I have joined a bookclub and made new friends!
796	adjudicated	2	Definitely! Here’s my list….            -only read what you enjoy. If a books not doing it for you put it down. You can always give it another chance later.            -find a quite dim spot with minimal distractions. I always read in bed at night because that’s when everyone else is asleep and won’t interrupt me.          -cut out tv/streaming. Seems weird at first but once you get into a good book tv loses its appeal.            -get rid of social media. Especially FB. It’s just designed to bait you into arguments anyway. I make exceptions for book related platforms like Reddit or Bookstagram. It’s been 3 years and I don’t miss a single thing about FB.-buy cheap used books or use the library. That way you can sift through a wide variety of books for minimal monies. Some used book shops have mint condition books for $4.-join in on the r/52book subreddit. That’s what motivated me to start reading more and it’s been a lot of fun over the years. I found great recommendations and had some really good interactions with other Redditors                -always carry a book with you. You never know when you’ll find an extra 15 minutes to read. And all those little chunks really add up. I did that less in 2021 and you can see the above results.              Those are my main bookish habits that keep me reading at a high rate. Even at 100+ books it doesn’t feel like I’m forcing myself. It’s just reading for pleasure. I hope that helps!
797	adjudicated	3	Winner of the prestigious Gold Dagger Award in the U.K. for the best mystery of 1999, this complex literary thriller may be one of the most satisfying suspense novels to come along in some time. Robert Wilson has written several political thrillers, most of which are set in West Africa, but they are, alas, largely unavailable in the U.S.In A Small Death in Lisbon, the narrative switches back and forth between 1941 and 1999, and Wilson's wide knowledge of history and keen sense of place make the eras equally vibrant. In 1941 Germany, Klaus Felsen, an industrialist, is approached by the SS high command in a none-too-friendly manner and is "persuaded" to go to Lisbon and oversee the sale--or smuggling--of wolfram (also known as tungsten, used in the manufacture of tanks and airplanes). World War II Portugal is neutral where business is concerned, and too much of the precious metal is being sold to Britain when Germany needs it to insure that Hitler's blitzkrieg is successful.
798	adjudicated	1	me when my wife asks me to join her bookclub
799	adjudicated	2	I use goodreads, and look at what "lists" the book I like is on, browse by genre, etc.  I also like to go on here and read the /r/booksuggestions or /r/whattoreadwhen .  If i have something specific I want I post but usually I find posts that other people have written that I can relate to as well.
800	adjudicated	1	It is a horrible game if you were looking for L.A.NOIRE style mystery solving game where the thrill is in the act of putting the pieces of mystery back together in a climactic showdown. I sincerely think you should drop it. Forcing yourself through would be a massive boring waste of time, like being forced to read latin literature about some ancient dead guys you don't care about.
801	adjudicated	3	I really have no trouble with finding what next to read, on the contrary, so I'll try and share a few tips.Goodreads - their recommendation algorithm sucks, so don't use it. You can use it in 3 ways:- seeing what your friends read - this one is most valuable to me. I know what I respect in other people reading habits, so when I see something they like, I will take notice of it.-book lists - these are not as useful, but I take a look sometime- blog posts - they occasionally have cool blog posts listing books, so I take a look at that, and sometimes find something interestingReddit:- /r/booklists - check occasionally and see what you like- see what other people read on this subreddit
802	adjudicated	2	This is why I joined Reddit, /r/booksuggestions, /r/suggestmeabook, /r/52book. After I spent some time learning there, a visit to the library or a real bookstore feels like a trip to Disneyland.
803	adjudicated	1	Interestingly enough, almost this exact question has come up before. The answers there may be of use. There are a few flippant comments, but most are helpful
804	adjudicated	3	So even when a patient gets a UTI, the treatment is not a circumcision. The treatment is a simple round of antibiotics. Keep in mind that removing body parts is considered the absolute last resort, to be entertained only when all other options are exhausted. And that's for when pathology is actually present. Doing it beforehand is honestly bizarre when we're dealing with someone else's genitals. It's the most private and personal body part.
805	adjudicated	3	this sub has a few recommended booklists in the sidebar [link]
806	adjudicated	3	Check out r/heathenry wiki for Nordic booklists. Check out r/broomclosetwitch wiki for links to free PDF libraries and booklists.
807	adjudicated	3	We have chosen to allow book discussion, but only on designated threads. So if you want to discuss the books or any spoilers from them, you should make a separate post on the subreddit and flag it as [BookDiscussion/BookSpoilers]. We want to wall off the books from the rest of the discussions here.
808	adjudicated	3	**[Gilbert schema for Ulysses][link] This schema for the novel Ulysses was produced by its author, James Joyce, in November 1921 in order to help his friend, Valery Larbaud, prepare a public lecture on the novel, which Joyce was still writing at the time. The lecture took place on 7 December 1921 at the Maison des Amis des Livres bookshop and lending library, owned and run by Adrienne Monnier. The schema was shown to intimates of Joyce during the 1920s and was eventually published by Stuart Gilbert in 1930 in his book, James Joyce’s “Ulysses”: A Study. Gilbert’s typed copy of the schema is housed in the Harley K. Croessmann Collection of James Joyce at Southern Illinois University Carbondale.
809	adjudicated	3	Thank you, _ScubaDiver, for voting on goodreads-bot.This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [link]
810	adjudicated	1	Just to let you know, Wuthering Heights will be one of the options to read along with r/bookclub for the month of April. Feel free to join if you'd like :)
811	adjudicated	2	There is a "standard urban" accent (think newreaders)  that both countries have that sound pretty much the same with some very subtle difference in vowels
812	adjudicated	1	Honestly those were most likely my mom’s! I’m doing r/52book though
813	adjudicated	2	You've really reminded me how disorganized and in shambles my reading lists are right now. That's cool you have a good system. Any suggestions for finding good booklists? I'll have to check out Goodreads.Totally, it's after the movie or book that I want to know other people's thoughts and takeaways - once I have my own understanding and base to compare that knowledge and information with.Video games are almost the best medium to do this with, I've found. I'm not sure if you're much of a gamer, but I'll go ahead and say my bit anyway.... Because it's an actively engaging experience - as in you're not just letting the story wash over you - your inputs, ideas, and decisions will directly alter and affect the experience you have with the media and impact your experience heavier. The better the game, the more so (or completely) I will run it without looking at wikis, forums, or videos of it. Even for more mechanical based games: like survival, management, or strategy games; I prefer to go in blind (other than what's shown on the store page) because I'll still play those types of games with an rpg mindset and build a bit of a story and world in my mind as I go. And the failures I "achieve" and extra time wandering because of this add to my time spent. I'm not much of a min/maxer, I guess is what I'm saying, lol.
814	adjudicated	3	Morris's filter was, as Bossio says, his interpretation of trends. Because it was not a meta-analysis. So it's highly dependent on what Morris thinks and wants to use as sources.
815	adjudicated	1	(Muzzy was after my time, I just sold it to kids with booklists for a summer)
816	adjudicated	1	I loved the first part, but this had to be put aside to get my local book clubs reads in. Can't wait to get back to it.
817	adjudicated	2	Maybe [Book Discussion][link]
818	adjudicated	2	/r/books is a default sub that contains discussions that crosses over with multiple other subs.  I mean if you saw someone discussing books would you tell them to post on /r/BookDiscussion ?
819	adjudicated	3	You can take a look at course descriptions for english courses on [this page][link] Many have booklists in the description, although not all of them do. The department publishes these every session. 
820	adjudicated	2	ive actually stopped using reddit for book talk, but if i remember correctly, /r/literature was good last I visited, /r/litdiscussion or was it /r/bookdiscussion something about discussion was also pretty good.
821	adjudicated	2	I'd say it's definitely low intensity. You can have OSRS open on a second monitor and focus 95% on a movie or tv show while just clicking the green boxes out of the corner of your eye.
822	adjudicated	3	I don't have an answer for you, but consider asking the same question in /r/AskLiteraryStudies, where there are many experts in literary theory and criticism.
823	adjudicated	2	[This thread has good tips and tricks.][link]
824	adjudicated	1	Wonderful work on this! I've been looking forward to listening to this album for a while, and I really enjoyed doing so alongside your piece!1. I think relatively joyful? It has a lightness to it even though it deals with some heavier topics.2. I haven't listened to her previous work, sorry! I never knew she wrote *Crying in H-Mart* though lol.3. I do think it works cohesively, really quite well actually. Yes it explores but there's a tether that makes the songs feel connected as well. I really liked the sound on Posing for Cars-- that sort of dream-rock vibe really fits her I think.4. I think that her book must have helped, because even though I've yet to read it, it's showed up on so many booklists lately. Other than that I honestly have no idea how some artists achieve the levels of popularity they do.5. I loved Posing in Bondage and Posing for Cars. Those were both really beautiful!
825	adjudicated	1	Join a bookclub, awards/contests on wattpad so it gets visible for more people and you also receive feedback for your story and simultaneously connect with other writers!
826	adjudicated	2	I really like your advice on building your own syllabus - you give some pointers, but it's often difficult to do without an expert instructor. Do you have any further concrete advice? I give some in [my own comment][link], which basically boils down to three pieces of advice (1. look up other people's syllabi; 2. use anthologies, reader's guides, books on themes, introductory books, and books with good study questions; 3. read on the literary criticism and historical context around a particular work), but I'm interested if you'd like to expand further.
827	adjudicated	1	Piggybacking off your comment, could we please have a what to read if list as well for the more popular books that are recommended in this sub?
828	adjudicated	2	 Maybe try r/52book? I use Goodreads to set my reading goal for the year and track everything. Other than that, I make time to read every day. Usually at night before bed and on lunch breaks. More on the weekends. I read 81 books this year. I was thinking of trying for 100 but that might be a big stretch and I’m afraid I’d try to read only short books, which would limit the books I want to read that are long. I think maybe having a goal based on number of pages read would be neat too. I read less pages in 2021 than I did in 2020, despite that I read two books more in 2021 than I did the previous year.
829	adjudicated	1	This is the 52book most similar to my own! We read 12 of the same books in 2021 :)
830	adjudicated	2	I have my American Literature Units organized chronologically. Feel free to check out the my booklists at [link]. It will look like a lot because of the way I teach.
831	adjudicated	2	I’d also try r/suggestmeabook or r/whattoreadwhen.
832	adjudicated	1	/r/options /r/thetagang have booklists etc.  Your broker shd have videos, papers etc, they have a vested interest in you not blowing 
833	adjudicated	2	Let's be real, young JBP was probably just one Marxist bookclub away from becoming a NazBol. I can practically hear him pontificating about how the Chinese are better at tapping into the collective unconscious than the feminized Chaos Dragon West while Caleb Maupin nods along.
834	adjudicated	1	There's dozens of us!Memento is such a uniquely amazing movie experience, I got a full adrenaline rush first time watching it. It's not a pefectly polished movie but it will never leave my top10 list.
835	adjudicated	3	/r/52Book - A subreddit for the participants of the 52 Book Challenge (one book per week for a year) to discuss their progress and discoveries/r/AskLiteraryStudies - A multi-lingual community for discussing literary works and studies/r/BookDiscussion - For general discussion of books/r/BookQuotes - For sharing and discussing quotes from books/r/CurrentlyReading - For sharing and discussing the book you are currently reading/r/GoodReads - For general discussion of Goodreads, a reader recommendation sharing site/r/JustFinishedReading - For sharing your thoughts on what you just read
836	adjudicated	1	American transpostive lefties are fucking brain dead. i swear i always test lib left but these fuckers make me want to go full auth. stop giving kids fucking weird sex shit,
837	adjudicated	3	The mod team of /r/books have discussed numerous times whether or not banning images (temporarily, periodically, or permanently) is a good idea, and time after time we come to the conclusion that since this is /r/books and not /r/bookdiscussion or /r/bookimages it makes no sense to block any post regarding books whatsoever, whether it be an image or discussion. This is a subreddit for general book related posts, a picture of a book has as much to do with books as a discussion question.
838	adjudicated	3	Here’s a great booklist: https://socialjusticebooks.org/booklists/lgbtq/
839	adjudicated	1	I really enjoyed it as well! And my bookclub discussion about it was so good!
840	adjudicated	2	While you are finding someone, come over to r/52book, it’s the best book club on reddit.
841	adjudicated	3	Your post is better suited to the [Your Year in Reading][link]megathread or /r/52book.
842	adjudicated	2	Perhaps they could do fantastic beasts 1 through 3.  Or after the 4th movie comes out.
843	adjudicated	2	If you go to goodreads scroll down you'll see it's apart of booklists to do with tech maybe of you look into those you'll find what you need
844	adjudicated	2	I'm not familiar with ESL students' language capabilities, so these titles (from a book list curated for the kids in my school -- EFL, aged 13-18) may be hit-or-miss for you:* R. J. Palacio - Wonder* S. E. Hinton - The Outsiders* Witi Ihimaera - The Whale Rider* Daniel Keyes - Flowers for Algernon* Lois Lowry - The Giver* Marcus Zusak - The Book Thief* Marjane Satrapi - Persepolis* Padma Venkatraman - The Bridge Home + Born Behind Bars* Nidhi Chanani - Pashmina* Amra Sabic-El-Rayess &amp; Laura Sullivan - The Cat I Never Named: A True Story of Love, War, and Survival* Ann Braden - Flight of the Puffin* Saadia Faruqi - A Thousand Questions* Onjali Q. Raúf - The Lion Above The Door* Eugene Yelchin  - The Genius Under the Table: Growing Up Behind The Iron Curtain* Innosanto Nagara - M is for Movement* Tian Veasna - Year of the Rabbit* Kim Ae-ran - My Brilliant Life* Catherine Bruton - No Ballet Shoes in Syria* Victoria Jamieson, Omar Mohamed - When Stars are Scattered* Trevor Noah: Born A Crime (adapted for young readers)You can also check out YALSA [Book Finder][link] or libraries for their booklists. (I also came across [this][link]
845	adjudicated	1	oh, i responded twice to you, so I'mnot sure if yoi saw my rankings. Here it is [link]
846	adjudicated	1	Here's a sneak peek of /r/52book using the [top posts][link] of the year!
847	adjudicated	2	Shameless plug of my answer to a similar question on r/AskLiteraryStudies a few weeks back:You might want to have a look at the late Mary Oliver's Poetry Handbook --- which I have read and liked --- or at The Making of a Poem: A Norton Anthology of Poetic Forms, edited by Mark Strand and Eavan Boland --- which I haven't read but would recommend solely based on my love for all things Norton!  If there were an English translation of Christoph Bode's Einführung in die Lyrikanalyse, I would tell you to disregard everything else and go for that one. Unfortunately, to my knowledge, only his introduction to prose writing has been translated as of yet (Christoph Bode - The Novel: An Introduction). Bode's books are some of the most enjoyable student's guides to literary studies I have come across.
848	adjudicated	1	You’re gonna be sent to r/booksuggestions or r/suggestmeabook or r/whattoreadwhen. Recommendations are only allowed in the sticky’d thread!
849	adjudicated	2	If you’d list some that you did and did not like, that would help a lot. Use the search bar in this sub for recommendations and also review /r/52book sub, as we post book cover photos from goodreads or other apps there.
850	adjudicated	1	are you dual booting (windows/linux) or multi-booting multiple OS installations?  What Linux distros. and version have you tried and detail the good and the bad with them.  Share any solutions you've acquired.
851	adjudicated	3	My post is not a request for a "personalized" recommendation. It's not asking for a recommendation for one or more undetermined books based on criteria I list. It's a question of whether a specific book gets better.
852	adjudicated	3	I'm going to have to disagree with you. Honestly, I think this sub has a habit of hyping up James and Sirius when we don't know much about their intellect. All we really know is that they cast the Homunculus Charm (to create the Marauders Map), became Animagi along with Pettigrew, were sure they aced the DADA exam, and weren't studying in between exams. Honestly, unless Slughorn was just hyping Lily up, her talent seems a bit more impressive, although she doesn't have many actual achievements to back her.As for whether Hermione or James and Sirius were smarter, I think Hermione wins out. Even assuming that they weren't studying at all throughout their Hogwarts years and that they got top grades in all subjects (assertions with little to no canonical basis), Hermione's shown to learn insanely quick. IIRC, a week before they left for Hogwarts, they gathered their course books, but by the time they were on train, she was already months into the curriculum and practicing the Summoning Charm. And then a month or two after that, she learned fifth year-level material and was taking O.W.L practice tests. Not only that, but before her first year, she only had approximately 6 weeks to read her course books (since from CoS, we know students receive booklists for their corresponding year all at the same time), but by the time she met Harry and Ron on the train, she had them all memorized, along with tons of history books, and was casting simple spells on her first try (and they only learned their first charm in class on Halloween). I know that it's a bit counterintuitive to say that the girl who's always studying is a quicker learner than slackers who get similar scores, but I think people forget Hermione generally isn't focused on learning the basic material. It's frequently commented on in the books that when they're doing homework, Hermione takes piles of large books on the topic in areas they're not even touching on. Adding on the fact that she reads up on tons of subjects that the school doesn't cover (alchemy, dark magic, healing, protective enchantments, memory charms, etc.), it makes a lot of sense why she's constantly reading. The only time she's actually  studying the basic material is a few weeks before the exams, but, to me, that says more about her personality than her actual intellect. I used to be a slacker with top grades in every subject, but I knew one person who was always studying, and even though they got the same grades as me, it was obvious to me that they were much more naturally intelligent. Although that guy could have been a slacker and get the same grades, he was an anxious perfectionist, so his mindset led him to study much harder than the people who actually needed to study. The idea that slackers with top grades are always smarter than studiers with the same grades (even when the studier has better feats in terms of learning new material) is demonstrably false.
853	adjudicated	1	Congratulations!  So far, I'm having a great time, I hope you enjoy parenthood too.
854	adjudicated	1	I don't have 1000+ manga and I only buy small batches that I can reasonably read at a given time, so I mostly keep track in my head. I do record it on the goodreads app when I finish reading something (gotta meet my yearly), but not when I just buy something. There have been a few times when I've forgotten which books I have in a series, but that's always been because I haven't read all that I have for that series, which is a sign that I lost interest and don't need to buy more of it at this time.I feel like the people who lose track and double buy books are usually the compulsive spenders who just buy 50+ book hauls to have and not to read. Usually when I place orders (or plan out my shopping list for in person buying), I am at home and can reference my collection for any books I am unsure about.  If someone just has trouble with detail and attention with remembering their collections, there are apps like goodreads and a few others (I don't  know them, but have seen them mentioned in this subreddit) they can use when they are out and about or just for quick reference before they hit the checkout screen to keep track.
855	adjudicated	2	I know that you're specifically asking for the opinion of a _historian_, but your question lies at the intersection of literature and history. An academic trained in language and literature might find some parts of your question easier to weigh in on with authority. You might benefit from posing this to r/AskLiteraryStudies, too.
856	adjudicated	2	I use a combination of Excel and Goodreads.
857	adjudicated	1	yeah i mean idk why advertise using stickers if the stickers dont actually give any reference for where or when the “bookclub” takes place :|
858	adjudicated	1	Late to the party this week, my daughter was sick and we ended up having to go to the hospital Saturday night so my weekend was practically book free. Add in the fact that I wasn't really enjoying the audiobook I'd been listening to and just a general reading slump and I only finished one book this past week.The audiobook, **Tell me an Ending** was, similar to Parzival pretty disappointing. I provided some word-vomit thoughts [here][link], but in summary the book felt like a slog, the characters were boring and the blurb was misleading. 
859	adjudicated	1	Not going to entertain any request to educate people on what racism is or point out specific examples of racism. You guys can go down internet rabbit holes and find any information you need about anything. Why suddenly whenever it comes to race, you forget that skill and need handholding?
860	adjudicated	1	I think it's weirder than that. I feel like there are some incredibly persuasive women out there managing to get money from a rich guy without giving up their bodies. As in, a little flirtation, but mostly companionship.
861	adjudicated	2	There's [A Different Sort of Normal][link] by Abigail Balfe. It's a heavily illustrated memoir. It's aimed at the middle-grade level (BookTrust suggests age 9+), but I remember being a five-year-old reading way above my nominal level, so I'm not about to gatekeep! :-) It talks about autism, and about what it's like growing up autistic (without knowing that's what you're doing). It might not be quite what you're after, but do take a look; even if you decide it's not right for your son, you might well enjoy it yourself.Bonus: Reading to the end of that article, I discovered that BookTrust have an ["Autism" list][link]: children's and YA books featuring characters on the autistic spectrum. I haven't read them so don't know if any of them would suit, but hopefully someone else here will, or you'll be able to find helpful reviews somewhere.
862	adjudicated	2	Right, well Sylvia Plath isn't a philosopher, so I'd suggest asking somewhere like /r/AskLiteraryStudies/ or /r/askliterature or /r/sylviaplath or somewhere more like that.
863	adjudicated	1	YTA. I had to go back and reread the ages because I thought for sure you were 17 given how silly the fight you started was. He was not talking to you he was talking to someone else on the phone. Stop acting like a child. The world does not revolve around you. If your boyfriend wants to talk about the movie with someone else he can. You just need to butt out of a conversation you were not involved or invited into. No one asked your opinion or involved you in any way so why exactly do you have a right to be mad here?
864	adjudicated	3	Welcome to /r/ExplainAFilmPlotBadly. In order to ensure that everyone has read the rules and mods can stop removing posts that break them, we are requiring additional approvals for new users before their posts will show up in the subreddit.
865	adjudicated	1	I’ve just started reading along M with r/bookclub this month - really enjoying it so far. Tend to read around 4-6 books a month, with check ins every week or so to discuss.
866	adjudicated	2	Check out the weekly suggestions thread(should be stickied), the mod recommendation in the sidebar, /r/booksuggestions , or  /r/whattoreadwhen
867	adjudicated	1	Have you asked this question from a previous account, or has there been a glitch in the matrix?
868	adjudicated	2	The subreddit is titled ‘AskLiteraryStudies’.That’s what the OP did. If you want, start a subreddit called ‘Don’tAskResearchQuestionsYouCouldGoogle’. Your indignation when confronted with a similar polite request will then be appropriate.
869	adjudicated	3	No, but you need to offer more than just a book list to get the discussion going. No low quality book lists. To maintain quality, the list must encourage discussion. For linked lists the list itself must have descriptive paragraphs for each book. Users are also encouraged to submit their own unique lists as a self/text-post. Original lists should have at least a paragraph explaining the reason for the list and include some further thoughts on at least a few of the books. The poster must have actually read each book. Alternatively, there is /r/booklists.If you are just curious about others' answers the question has been asked in the past and you can find those threads by using the search.
870	adjudicated	1	We are reading this over at r/bookclub. You should come check out the discussions. We read to Chapter IX this week. I hope you like the book. It took me a few chapters to get into it, but now I am really digging the characters and the world :)
871	adjudicated	3	Please edit your post to hide those book spoilers. Thanks.
872	adjudicated	2	Nice job!! You may want to check out r/52book, they share a lot of content like this.
873	adjudicated	2	Work on your readers’ advisory (RA)! You can create booklists based on authors, subjects, moods, read alikes (for books and also for tv/movies), or so many other things. For books you’re not actually interested in reading, you can [read a book in 5 minutes][link]
874	adjudicated	1	A big yes on this one! Quality, age appropriate historical fiction will do wonders in all these areas! Make sure they are interesting, not dry. There are booklists to help you on the web. Let him enjoy reading alone and together. You can include your kindergartener as well - older can read to the younger, vice versa as the younger gets older,  and you can read to both. Fun unit studies and comprehension activities can be built around them. You will look back at this precious family time with fondness and have built strong reading/writing skills in your children.
875	adjudicated	1	Congrats on the new Job! Also finding your content and hearing about bookclub and everyone posting memes really brought out a lot of good laughs I had even though it was just through the internet lol, Hopefully more content comes soon. &lt;3
876	adjudicated	2	I forgot to mention the local group responsible that i referred to has national funding from conservative groups and is of course also fighting CRT and LGBQI and anti-mask anti-vax issues in every form. They are so coordinated they actually have a volunteer program for "how to get books removed from libraires" where they have PowerPoints, booklists, and local chapter meetings. The trainings include enlisting children to check out every book on the list from libraries and then just not returning them (or just stealing them, as long as you're righteous in doing so), how to personally harrass board members and librarians, demand librarians be fired, instructs them to go to board meetings and read out of context paragraphs from books to illicit outrage, tells them they should avoid reading the books themselves because they are too disturbing ("trust us, we've read them all") coaches them on verbiage like to make sure to not say the word "banned" but use other synonyms in its place, to use words like "pornography" in order to quote public pornography laws, as if that is applicable, and my personal favorite- call the police. They literally put out a press release instructing their 20k followers to locate these books in libraries, and call police and file police reports for pornography and public indecency. 
877	adjudicated	3	In the Skin of a Jihadist: A Young Journalist Enters the Isis Recruit Network, by Anna Erelle** is an amazing story of a Muslim journalist who went undercover posing as a USA Muslim Girl to a member of IsIs. She was trying to gain information about how they were recruiting youth in order to help an organization that intervenes in deradicalizing youth. She was unknowingly being tapped by the NSA, and the information they gained from her was used to take out a high ranking member. It’s an amazing story.
878	adjudicated	2	I enjoy looking at r/52book to see what people are reading.Somewhere in the sidebar menu or wiki of r/books there is a list of book subreddits.
879	adjudicated	3	This got touched on a little in [this recent discussion] [link], with some examples.
880	adjudicated	1	"I thought I told you I didn't want to hear about that movie" Do you hear yourself? "Is that really controlling?" Omg smh 🙄😒
881	adjudicated	2	Join us in r/52book!  You can technically have any goal though.
882	adjudicated	2	A wild ride stuffed to the cut-lines with humor, heart, and space shenanigans.May’s humdrum life gets flung into hyperdrive when she’s abducted, but not all aliens are out to probe her. She’s inadvertently rescued by Xan who’s been orbiting Earth in a day-glo orange rocket ship, watching re-runs of “I Love Lucy”. Seizing the opportunity for a better life, May learns how to race the Audacity and pilots her way into interstellar infamy. Finally, she has a job she likes and a friend to share her winnings with—until the Goddess of Chaos screws the whole thing up, and Xan’s unmentionable past makes a booty call.
883	adjudicated	2	Join us over at r/52book!
884	adjudicated	3	I would check the 1859 letter (essay) on art.  It's written as if it were a letter convincing a Salon to search for a certain type of artist.  I would not wager my life on it, and i'm not going to go through the letter in French to find it for a person, because it's 100 pages and my French is intermediate.In general, Baudelaire took this from Kant.  Romantics he cites that I can remember are mostly Kant and Emerson.That said, this could be one of the earlier letters, I think 1854 or 1855 are the way the other two are remembered, because later in his life Baudelaire seemed less eager to call himself or people he admired romantics and started focusing on decadence more explicitly.Honestly, this one quote is basically restated in several different parts of his critical work.  You may be able to find a look-a-like quote that does say what you've said exactly but that focuses on the impression or senses rather than the object.That the word "modern" is used explicitly makes me also think that this comes from the 1859 letter.  You may have better luck in r/AskLiteraryStudies .
885	adjudicated	1	A Christmas Carol, Crime and Punishment. Look for books with redemption arches.  Found you this thread - https://www.reddit.com/r/AskLiteraryStudies/comments/36ki6d/who_are_some_of_the_most_well_known_heroes_who/
886	adjudicated	1	This is so awesome, is it from a Fritz Lang movie?
887	adjudicated	3	Yes, however you are right, you should probably educate yourself because if you go in without the education that is for sure when your ignorance (not to be mean or anything, just stating that's how it is since you don't have the exposure) would detract from the progresses being made in spaces of activism, read up on the history (it will help you understand everything better including your racial identity) and anti-racism. There are a ton of booklists and recommendations that come up when you look for one or two on Goodreads and Amazon. If you want even, I'm pretty sure you could get the audio books for them.
888	adjudicated	1	This gets me too. I've slowly started dwindling out of the WDYR posts because of how annoying it is to see the post information for that week be something like "DNF after 2 pages into sample because ....." I know I DNF anytime but it's not a weekly recurrence to DNF every single book, most of the time in the sample downloaded first chapters. Recently there was one where the only book tried and DNF was the FF Bookclub pick of the month. Could you not bring negative publicity to 1. a queer (f/nb) romance that already has a slim chance of getting recognition 2. a book you didn't read and 3. have it as the image that pops up on the most frequented post as a DNF associated with not being good.Just having someone else post that WDYR recurring post would be fantastic. Other mods are definitely reading and can actually contribute to the conversations. .... sorry, apparently i'm passionate about the picky WDYR posts lol.
889	adjudicated	1	I'm gonna say for newreadersAvengers by BuisiekAvengers by BendisAvengers by Aaron
890	adjudicated	2	Exactly what I'm talking about. Every nation has to a certain degree a bias towards itself.I can't watch most war movies from the US as they are full of patriotism. The Vietnam movies are generally better in that regard, as the war was always seen very critically but I literally can't think of WWII movie where the soldiers are shown in a bad light. The worst thing I remember seeing is them killing POWs (but as they are Wehrmacht soldiers, who cares?) but I can't even think of one movie where a soldier rapes a woman of a liberated town or something similar atrocious.
891	adjudicated	2	Booklists, my favorite thing to share! I've been jotting titles down as they came to me.  Standing trigger warning for these, as everything RBB-relatable that has the potential to give solace also has the potential to trigger, a couple have SA content handled with sensitivity.. *Fiction* isa Tuttle, The Silver Bough Maggie O'Farrell, Hamnet T.H. White's The Once and Future King, especially The Queen of Air and Darkness Jude Morgan, PassionSusan Palwick, Shelter, Flying in Place Angela Carter, The Magic Toyshop Ursula LeGuin, GiftsGoodnight Mr Tom, Michelle Magorian Elizabeth Wein, The Winter Prince and the rest of her Lionhunters series. Maureen McHugh, Mothers and Other Monsters--worth it for the title alone :p--and all the rest of her her excellent novels. ...and Diana Wynne Jones.  Pretty much everything she wrote explores RBB themes and characters through the prism of story.
892	adjudicated	3	To get revenge on King Mildred, Grizelda creates the fiercest dragon the kingdom has ever seen.  He is such a terror that he must be killed. Now if only the dragonslayers could stop arguing long enough to face the greatest battle of all!
893	adjudicated	1	100 percent agree. I see the same garbage from some people talking about NADPOD and I’m pretty sure I even saw it once in a conversation about her old podcast 8 bit bookclub. It’s gross.
894	adjudicated	1	Married, no kids(childfree by choice), weirdo, child at heart, goofball to boot, lover of animals, sarcasm is something I'm fluent in, and gosh dang I love a good adventure
895	adjudicated	3	Not something I've heard about or have got an impression of. The BBC does not only use RP speakers these days, but the newreaders they do use tend to eliminate anything that might be considered a regionalism but maintain their native phonemic realisation for the most part. It could well be possible that you heard a newsreader who wasn't even from the South of England, perhaps the Midlands, but didn't stand out as such due to the toned down nature of the regional accents the BBC allows. It's not uncommon for middle class speakers in the Midlands and even the North to sound little different from middle class southerners bar lacking some of the more pronounced features like the trap-bath split, extensive diphthong smoothing, and more extensive use of schwa. This is particularly true of the generation who grew up at a time when regional accents were frowned upon by the middle class to a greater degree.Historically, the geographic region where the trap-bath split is prevalent has already shrunk. It used to encompass much of the Midlands including Birmingham, but merged over time during the 20th century most likely due to the class association.
896	adjudicated	1	While many of my favourites are already mentioned (Gunnerkrigg Court, Wilde Life, Kill Six Billion Demons, Homestuck) i haven't seen [Monster Pulse](https://www.monster-pulse.com/newreaders) here yet. By Mangolia Porter Siddell it tells the story of kids whose organs get turned into monsters due to a secret project, and how that affects their lives. The art constantly evolves, the characterisations are great, there is good character drama and action, it goes some messed up places and doesn't shy away from some serious consequences from the premise and it regularly updates! Close to being finished even! I can only reccommend it.
897	adjudicated	3	Civility is one our rules, please be sure to keep that in mind with all comments and posts. Insulting people isn't in line with that rule.
898	adjudicated	2	I’m just calling it a buddy read for lack of a better term— I was a teacher and that’s what it was called when you’d pair two readers to tackle a book together. I’m kind of hoping that as we go along this year we’ll find other people who will feel like joining us so I’m fine with not setting too much in stone. For me it would be ideal though if we can have a few (three- five) titles planned in advance because I’ll be doing other reading besides what we’re doing together and that will help with my time management. What if you just make a post about Emma here in r/52book whenever you’ve finished it and tag me in the comments? I’ll have it read by Saturday night. 
899	adjudicated	2	Hi, it looks like you're trying to summon u/goodreads-bot. Unfortunately, they don't play nicely with me or the r/Fantasy Golem family, so they're not welcome here. Please resubmit your comment.
900	adjudicated	2	Setting a goal and posting my progress on r/52book has helped me stay on track. I wanted to read more the year before but this has provided more accountability for me.
901	adjudicated	3	Please post lists of books in /r/booklists.
902	adjudicated	3	Audra Simpson's *Mohawk Interruptus*You might also want to ask over at /r/AskLiteraryStudies too.
903	adjudicated	1	/r/BooksAMA (no commenters)/r/bookdiscussion/r/justfinishedreading
904	adjudicated	1	r/suggestmeabook.
905	adjudicated	2	Last year I read 55 books and probably 15-20 I got from this sub or from books posted on r/52book. Thank you everyone.
906	adjudicated	1	as someone who works at a place like this: dont leave it to the last week before school goes back. booklists are sent out november/early december. unless you are new to the state or changing school with little notice, be prepared. if you order early, we will have stock, we will have it sent out on time (or if you shop in store there will not be long waits), and you will be happy. and ESPECIALLY do not be one of those people that orders late, doesnt get their stuff in time for start of term and decides to call customer service to abuse the poor high school aged kids old on the phones working hard their summer holiday.
907	adjudicated	3	The descending numbers on the left tell you what printing the book is. You have a seventh and a tenth printing shown. If the number line is something like 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1, it's a first printing, 10 9 8 7 6 5 is a fifth printing etc (the number at the beginning doesn't matter). For book collectors, first printings can be highly collectible and for some books, much more valuable than later printings. The reason for this is a first printing run usually doesn't print as many books as later printing runs (because the publisher doesn't necessarily know how popular the book will be), and, because the first printing shows the book text and other features exactly as they originally were when the book was first printed. Later printings may fix mistakes or change things slightly. In addition, if you are interested in the ads at the back of the book, the first printing will show the "current" ads to when the book was published, while later printings show ads from potentially years later. Sometimes you'll also find out interesting trivia from first or earlier printings - for instance, the booklists in the back of the book include titles of upcoming books, and sometimes those titles change when the book is actually published. For instance, 'Werewolf Skin' was originally called 'I want to be a werewolf for Halloween' and you can still see this original title in some of the booklists and/or ads in book #59.For your purposes, there's no important difference between a seventh and a tenth printing, in terms of collectible value or anything else. For some of the earlier Goosebumps books, like books #1-6 where first printings are rare, the first printings might be worth slightly more than others but most Goosebumps collectors don't care, they just want an original series 90s book rather than a reprint. I did sell a first printing of #4 for $20 once, so maybe a few people care. Although, in my experience, usually the first printing is pretty much the same as the second - fifth printing, but if you compared a first printing to a 20th printing, there would be different ads, different booklists, different or no cover ads, etc. (note that for later books, like 50s and 60s, it's almost rarer to find a book that isn't a first printing than one that is, because the later books didn't get many printing runs.)It's also through knowing about first printings that I was able to figure out exactly what month certain publishing changes occurred. You may notice that some Goosebumps books have the ISBN/price on the cover, and some don't. The ISBN/price stopped appearing on the cover starting in November 1995. Any Goosebumps book, including later printings of earlier books, published this month and after doesn't have it. I know this because I have owned first printings of both #36 and #37 (first published in October 1995 and November 1995, respectively) and #36 had it while #37 didn't.
908	adjudicated	3	Did you happen to check out our rules before posting? Both of your questions are answered there. No low quality book lists. To maintain quality, the list must encourage discussion. For linked lists the list itself must have descriptive paragraphs for each book. Users are also encouraged to submit their own unique lists as a self/text-post. Original lists should have at least a paragraph explaining the reason for the list and include some further thoughts on at least a few of the books. The poster must have actually read each book. Alternatively, there is /r/booklists.
909	adjudicated	3	r/booklists can be a choice.
910	adjudicated	3	Once in a great while, we encounter a novel in our voluminous reading that begs to be read aloud. Leif Enger's debut, Peace Like a River, is one such work. His richly evocative novel, narrated by an asthmatic 11-year-old named Reuben Land, is the story of Reuben's unusual family and their journey across the frozen Badlands of the Dakotas in search of his fugitive older brother. Charged with the murder of two locals who terrorized their family, Davy has fled, understanding that the scales of justice will not weigh in his favor. But Reuben, his father, Jeremiah—a man of faith so deep he has been known to produce miracles—and Reuben's little sister, Swede, follow closely behind the fleeing Davy.
911	adjudicated	1	i can see how that would parcially fit, but not really... I'm looking for a subreddit where they deliberately rate books based on writing technique and plot, and while i imagine r/AskLiteraryStudies would rate that, i would guess people dont usually post there with that in mind... Just more of a on-demand thing
912	adjudicated	2	I think you'd be better off asking this question in either r/AskLiteraryStudies or r/TrueLit .
913	adjudicated	2	It was one of the only bookclub books I could get my hands on this month. And I was kind of middling going in, but I really ended up enjoying it.
914	adjudicated	1	I like the subreddits r/whattoreadwhen and r/books for potential leads into new series and to keep a thumb on the pulse as they say, to what people are enjoying.
915	adjudicated	1	Does anyone have recommendations for books with elderly main characters? I've seen a few booklists here with middle-aged characters, but I wonder if there are any with characters older than that, grandparents or retirees.
916	adjudicated	2	Posts asking users to list their favorite/the best book of a genre, style, etc that don't **include an answer and why in the body** will be assumed to be recommendation requests and removed. 'Should I read X book?' and 'What do I need to know before I read X' posts are not allowed unless you have made an effort to encourage discussion, otherwise you might be re-directed to the Weekly Recommendation Thread or [/r/suggestmeabook](https://www.reddit.com/r/suggestmeabook).
917	adjudicated	1	Hahah we read it for my last bookclub, and I was “hate-reading” it by the end. I was so annoyed with it but also had to finish. I didn’t really like any of the characters and I felt like we were rushing through all the husbands without any character development. Waste of 6 hours of my life 😩
918	adjudicated	3	No.  You're best off taking this to /r/AskLiteraryStudies.
919	adjudicated	1	When I was a wee lad, all the school booklists were submitted to the school and we picked it up from school. Is this a thing of the past and up to the parents/guardians to chase up before the year starts nowadays?(Don't have my own kids, left school in 1987, I have no idea how things work in regards to schools and schooling)
920	adjudicated	1	Definitely! Mostly on /r/52book - sometimes a cover catches my eye and makes me want to read it.I still will look up things about the book to confirm it doesn't have content I don't want to read (erotica, etc). But the cover got me interested.
921	adjudicated	3	/r/books is the general sub, there are plenty of more specific subs if you want something specific* /r/bookbinding* /r/bookcaseporn[link]
922	adjudicated	1	I get paying an escort. They will leave when you're done, and you don't need to pretend any sort of connection. Sugar Babies are... More insidious. It's like they want the money, but aren't willing to do nearly as much. I get it from their pov, but what are the rich men getting out of it?
923	adjudicated	1	Yep. Looks like your post violates this rule of that subreddit: Recommendation Requests
924	adjudicated	4	Usually just reading, reading about what's going on, reading people's thoughts, theories, visions, reading people's diaries, reading all about others, one could say I like reading what other people's shoes are walking about like. Lots of times picking up a conversation, maybe a friend, and sending random acts of cards and r/52book is where I say mostly.
925	adjudicated	2	Maybe /r/bookdiscussion? A place to discuss books you are currently reading, have recently finished, or would like to talk about in general.Seems low activity, but they have a Discord that might be more active.
926	adjudicated	1	Girl who do you think you are? If he choose to speak with somebody else about the movie it's nine of your business. He respected what you ask and not had a long conversation WITH YOU. He's a grown man and you really spoke yo him like he's a high school boy. Your definitely TA I can guarantee if he stop going to the movies with you all together you would swear it's an issue. You need to apologize that was so ignorant
927	adjudicated	1	(Psst this IS the /52book sub!)
928	adjudicated	1	Hi there. Per [rule 3.3](https://www.reddit.com/r/Books/wiki/rules), please post book recommendation requests in /r/SuggestMeABook or in our Weekly Recommendation Thread. Thank you!
929	adjudicated	1	Yes!! It’s called ‘Goodreads’, you can track your reading, review books and make booklists, similar to Spotify but with books
930	adjudicated	2	The whole Krakoa business seemed to make many characters less religuous in favour of whatever mutant religion Nightcrawler is founding.Which I find somewhat sad. An interfaith religious bookclub on Krakoa would have been fun. People sitting around and discussing how ressurections change their world view.
931	adjudicated	3	I do about 1-2 a week usually. So far I’ve read1. *Samurai* by Michael Wert (nonfiction)2. *The Souls of Black Folk* by WEB Dubois (nonfiction)3. *How Few Remain* by Harry Turtledove (fiction)4. *The Thousand Crimes of Ming Tsu* by Tom Lin (fiction)5. *Shadow Divers* by Robert Kurson (nonfiction)*Thousand Crimes* was a western and it was also really good, so probably my favorite fiction book this year.You should check out /r/52book, it’s a challenge to read at least 1 book a week for a year
932	adjudicated	3	The Christmas season offers little cheer for Eileen Dunlop, an unassuming yet disturbed young woman trapped between her role as her alcoholic father’s caretaker in a home whose squalor is the talk of the neighborhood and a day job as a secretary at the boys prison, filled with its own quotidian horrors. Consumed by resentment and self-loathing, Eileen tempers her dreary days with perverse fantasies and dreams of escaping to the big city. In the meantime, she fills her nights and weekends with shoplifting, stalking a buff prison guard named Randy, and cleaning up her increasingly deranged father’s messes. When the bright, beautiful, and cheery Rebecca Saint John arrives on the scene as the new counselor at the prison, Eileen is enchanted and proves unable to resist what appears at first to be a miraculously budding friendship. But her affection for Rebecca ultimately pulls her into complicity in a crime that surpasses her wildest imaginings.
933	adjudicated	3	I read a decent amount of philosophy and academic nonfiction. Philosophy is deceptive, quite a lot of it is dense but on the shorter end 150 pages. Both have a high barrier to entry that becomes easier over time. I just finished rereading Dune last week. If you want some ideas of the books I've read, I will post pictures of them to 52book which you can get from my profile. You can also see what kinds of books I'm doing for this year's challenge and my reviews for them.
934	adjudicated	1	Ah, thanks! I reposted it here: [link]
935	adjudicated	1	This argument has been tossed around a few times over at r/52book and similar book related subs.Technically you didn't read it, but you're not going to get knocked for hearing it instead. Audiobooks are acceptable ways to experience a book, and "yes" is an acceptable answer if someone asked if you've read a book. That said, I when someone asks me if I've read a book, and I listened to the audiobook, I'll just answer something like "I heard the audiobook". But it will still count towards my "reading list".One thing that I am peculiar about, is that the experience of an audiobook is sub-par for gripping stories. When you learn to read without an internal monologue, things become more vivid. Similar to seeing a stop sign and knowing to "stop" without having to vocalize the word, reading a book offers a similar experience where you blaze by the words and your mind races with images that come to life.
936	adjudicated	2	That's nice but still a lot of those are not "general". Thanks for trying I'm going to go through them. /bookdiscussion has been taken over by a spammer. 
937	adjudicated	1	This is my first year doing the challenge after discovering it, and pairing it with the popsugar prompts has been a fun step outsider what I may usually do. Also I’m trying to train myself that when I’m scrolling Reddit at night if I see a post from /r/books or /r/52book it is time to put down the phone and pick up the kindle.
938	adjudicated	3	What made this book unique from it’s predecessors is that shortly before it’s release, Martin announced that while working on the book he has reached over 1500 pages and still the book remains unfinished.
939	adjudicated	1	You should check out r/52book. I am only 8 books in, but am still on track.
940	adjudicated	1	If "cite-checking" is some kind of jargon that refers to the entire [literature review][link] process, well, *excuse me* for not knowing the jargon -- but *don't* mistake not knowing the jargon for not understanding the process!You may "(a) know just enough to be dangerous about how legislation is made, and (b) am used to dealing with similar levels of complexity" but you clearly don't know what you don't know.Do you realize how fundamentally condescending and hypocritical that sort of attitude is? Apparently, I was wrong before: you *do* mean it that way!
941	adjudicated	3	It is a cult: „those man made scripts are gods word even if there is no proof whatsoever and if you don’t join my bookclub and continue being who you are (how my god made you essentially?) my loving and merciful god will send you to hell where you will be tortured forever“ The world would be much better off if people would just worship nature instead, but well, this planet and humanity is the way it is unfortunately.
942	adjudicated	1	Here’s one where you do know what’s going on, but nonetheless … From another reviewer on Goodreads re David Weber’s alien invasion novel *Out of The Dark*:  Up to this point I’d give the novel two out of five stars, maybe two and a half if you like David Weber or military sci-fi. On page 330 a crime is committed against narrative justice and the book drops to below one star. I would break out negative stars for this thing if I could. What is this crime, you ask? Well, on page 330 of a 380 page novel, vampires arrive and kill all the aliens.No, I am not kidding.
943	adjudicated	1	Unless they are somehow associated with one another,but that's crazy talk,nothing at all like that has,or ever will happen! They are from different states you say? I was gonna say maybe they were all in the same bookclub or knitting circle,but to have associations across state lines is nearly impossible! Jeez,You must be right then,congratulations. And always remember to "play ball". 😉
944	adjudicated	3	No. I would consider nihilism a state where truth, values, or human purpose is pointless. RDR 2 (the game I have familiarity with; you don't get to pick and choose in r/AskLiteraryStudies) doesn't fit that.Red Dead Redemption 2 would arguably be more existentialist, in the sense that it gives players choices for how to conduct themselves, for how to find purpose and meaning. For instance, you appeal to what you **can** do in the game, but you neglect to address player choice. Players can abstain from murder, robbery, or shooting while free roaming. Players can go entirely pacifist or choose to only defend themselves when attacked. Players can apply their own codes of ethics for how they engage. So it's up to a player whether they want to play as a nihilist. RDR 2 is also arguably more structured than that. Even in free roam, there is a slider (admittedly simple) keeping track of how good or bad Arthur has been, suggesting an objective basis of ethics - the game allows players to do bad but would not let them get away with too much bad, ultimately. Also, story missions are scripted in a way that defines a kind of ethics surrounding the actions of Arthur, Dutch, and the other characters. That they sometimes do cruel things, even in the story, does not mean that values or truth are absent. Indeed, the arc of the story does a pretty good job in putting (for instance) Dutch in his place.So unless someone had a more specific definition of nihilism and a tighter argument for applying it to RDR2, I wouldn't call that game nihilistic.
945	adjudicated	3	Here are some really good books that I've used over the years:Judika Illes' "Encyclopedia of 5000 Spells."Jason Augustus Newcomb's "The Book of Magick Power."Jason Miller's "The Sorcerer's Secrets."Bill Whitcomb's "The Magician's Reflection" (an excellent handbook for building one's own set of magical correspondences in a meaningful way.)Kenaz Filan &amp; Raven Kaldera's ""Talking to the Spirits" and "Drawing Down the Spirits".Frater U.D.'s "High Magic" and "High Magic II" for a comprehensive training program in magic.I've put together some lists of the better books on specific witchy topics, like working with herbs, protection magic, working with magic energy, etc. over at my own website if anyone is looking for more suggestions: [link]
946	adjudicated	2	I’m really curious how to read a strap on dildo- is that braille?Would also love if anyone has links to support the Dr.Seuss teacher and or the banned book bookclub.
947	adjudicated	1	Rupert Murdoch’s newspapers, 24-hour news channel to champion net zero emissions
948	adjudicated	2	Hey there! Good to meet you.I'm glad to see that, you are will be joining us.[This thread is more appropriate for the community wide introduction thread, created yesterday. So I will remove this thread, and you can introduce yourself, there.][link]The introduction thread, is a yearly thing.Here are some other annual threads, that you might be interested in.[2022 Goodreads User List][link][Yearly Round up- Tips and tricks][link]I'm looking forward to seeing you.
949	adjudicated	1	Well, on reddit There are 390+ [author, reading, and writing related subs][link]
950	adjudicated	3	Try asking in the weekly recommendation thread, in /r/suggestmeabook or in /r/whattoreadwhen. All the best.
951	adjudicated	3	**[Zeugma (Commagene)][link] Zeugma (Greek: Ζεῦγμα) is an ancient Hellenistic era Greek and then Roman city of Commagene; located in modern Gaziantep Province, Turkey. It was named for the bridge of boats, or zeugma, that crossed the Euphrates river at that location. Zeugma Mosaic Museum contains mosaics from the site, and is one of the largest mosaic museums in the world.
952	adjudicated	1	I'm not trying to determine what can or can't be posted, but /r/ebooks or /r/books or one of the sub-genre threads would probably be better for discussion. You could also consider /r/bookdiscussion and /r/bookrecommendationsIMO, the post still seems like promo though. 
953	adjudicated	2	If it isn't relevant to the sub, don't post it in the sub.  Go to /r/books, or /r/bookdiscussion.  Doesn't make any sense to know you're posting in the wrong place and do it anyway.
954	adjudicated	1	My daughter is in 4th grade (9 years old) and she just took her yearly Lexile test (I'm not sure what the test itself is called) and she got a score  range of 1070-1200 which is and 8th-9th grade reading level if I'm reading all the info correctly. Anyway her teacher asked for help finding books in her range so I thought I'd ask on here too. I think maybe non-fiction would be a good change but I have no idea where to even start with that. She loves fantasy fiction but I'm concerned with the content she may start encountering as she moves up into those higher levels. Thanks for your help!!
955	adjudicated	3	This is the first of three fascinating volumes in which Braudel, the renowned historian and celebrated author of The Mediterranean and the Mediterranean World, offers what is in effect an economic and social history of the world from the Middle Ages to the Industrial Revolution. Like everything he writes, it is new, stimulating and sparkles like champagne.Braudel's technique, it has been said, is that of a pointilliste. Myriads of separate details, sharp glimpses of reality experienced by real people, are seen miraculously to orchestrate themselves into broad rhythms that underlie and transcend the excitements and struggles of particular periods. Braudel sees the past as we see the present — only in a longer perspective and over a wider field.The perspective is that of the possible, of the actual material limitations to human life in any given time or place. It is the every¬day, the habitual — the obvious that is so obvious it has hitherto been neglected by historians — that Braudel claims for a new and vast and enriching province of history. Food and drink, dress and housing, demography and family structure, energy and technology, money and credit, and, above all, the growth of towns, that powerful agent of social and economic development, are described in all the richness and complexity of real life.[link]
956	adjudicated	2	Requests can be made at /r/CHART_BOT
957	adjudicated	1	Elton is looking very cute! 
958	adjudicated	1	Read and join or start a bookclub. I totally enjoy the experience of reading a book and discussing it with people from all walks of life afterwards.I don't know how well your relationship with your parents is but you could definitely use the time to connect with them too, maybe even suggest doing activities as a family? :)
959	adjudicated	1	I understand where you're coming from. Sorry if I reacted a little miffed.I did believe that format by itself would inspire a bit of discussion, even though I was deliberately not expressing a point of view. The less-frequent words in a book exemplify so much of what's extraordinary about a book. They encapsulate the time (in the evolution of the English language), the place, the narrator's rank, the themes... and the treasury of language at large. I thought it was much more interesting to just put it out there and let people react without guidance, than to explain it like a schoolmaster and then let people say: Yes/No/Yes but/No but... I'd find that a little tedious. But, as you've said, if r/books is really r/bookdiscussion than maybe my post wasn't appropriate. Save travels.
960	adjudicated	2	There's a wide breadth of subject knowledge as well as depth. I need to be an expert in adolescent development, our community, collection management, and project management, among other things. The masters has been very helpful in teaching me how to analyze data to make wise decisions for my community.
961	adjudicated	3	Have a search and ask around at r/AskLiteraryStudies.
962	adjudicated	3	Poor Dionis or Poor Dionysus (Romanian: Sărmanul Dionis, originally spelled Sermanul Dionisie; also translated as Wretched Dionysus or The Sorrowful Dionis) is an 1872 prose work by Romanian poet Mihai Eminescu, classified by scholars as either a novel, a novella or a modern fairy tale. It is a liberal interpretation of contemporary German philosophy and ancient motifs, discussing themes such as time travel and reincarnation through the lens of post-Kantian idealism.
963	adjudicated	2	Like u/roranicusrex, I have a similar reading pattern where I catch up on weekends if I can’t read much through the workweek. I use physical, ebook, and audiobooks, sometimes switching formats for the same book so I can keep “reading” while I’m driving or doing chores at home. (Scribd and the public library are godsends for that). I joined r/52book - a book a week - during the pandemic and dramatically improved my book count from a pathetic 8 in 2019 to 65 in 2020 and I pledge never to go back! It’s the right pastime for me.
964	adjudicated	3	[link]TPL offers books about Toronto sorted by neighborhood
965	adjudicated	1	I'm not sure if you were looking for suggestions or for sources but I like the Read Aloud Revival.  She has all kinds of lists of books for different ages, interests, etc.  She does make some gender assumptions so don't be afraid to check out lists for either gender (my son loved the secret garden and little house books, but my daughter wasn't a fan.). I started with my father's dragon with both kids and they loved it
966	adjudicated	2	1. What specific details are you looking for that you couldn’t find yourself by knowing which curriculum is used? Knowing which curriculum is used would allow you to look at the curriculum website, see examples, booklists, materials, summaries, and you could view the textbooks and teachers manuals by asking at the school. Which “level of detail” are you looking for that wouldn’t be covered by this? To be honest, your dismissal of the importance of which specific curriculum is used doesn’t back up your claims that you have gone through this process yourself. The only additional “level of details” you could get is access to the individually created lesson plans of each teacher, classroom decorations/posters, read aloud books, differentiated worksheets, etc, and it would be ridiculously burdensome and unmanageable and damaging to education to try to require these in advance.2. You claim you sought out information regarding the curriculum at your local district Can you provide the name of the curriculum you disapproved of to back up your claim? Can you explain, specifically, what was in it that you disapproved of?
967	adjudicated	1	Depends on the season and what players I'm excited about at the moment but I enjoy hanging on r/tennis when they're not being toxic. 😶 I used to visit books but had the same issue as you. Now I'm subbed to r/52book which is less active but gives me some good ideas about what I may want to check out.
968	adjudicated	3	The same happened with the Scots wiki. Decent enough sentences were posted on Twitter and mocked because words like 'muckle' and 'ken' were unfamiliar to them. How can a language thrive when many of the people to whom it's meant to belong have nothing but embarrassment over it?
969	adjudicated	3	If this doesn't make sense, please reply with more than a one-word question so I have a better idea of what is confusing you about this.
970	adjudicated	3	Do not know if /booklists will be a good place, but the rule on book lists is quoted below with the pertinent section bolded for you. [quote]
971	adjudicated	1	Love reading with my puppers cuddled up close. Super cozy!
972	adjudicated	3	Lots of combinations are possible. Usually a solid unlimited server on one backbone and a block on another backbone is good enough. Or 2 unlimited servers on different backbones. Speed should always be as fast as the server allows for (unlike torrents) however that fluctuates sometimes depending on your server and what you are downloading (age usually). You will need a good indexer as well but there are many that are free for limited downloads per day. Maybe try out the free ones and then decide which one you like best/want to pay for.
973	adjudicated	1	downvote this comment if the meme sucks. upvote it and I'll go away.
974	adjudicated	3	Bakhtin is pretty much the founder of modern literary criticism so I came across him pretty early. I recommend you read a literary theory introduction (there are some pretty good ones by Terry Eagleton, which is my favourite, and Peter Barry) and check out their bibliographies. You could also lurk around /r/AskLiteraryStudies, they have threads about this all the time
975	adjudicated	1	There's a subreddit called /r/whattoreadwhen that does this for books. /r/whattolistentowhen and /r/whattowatchwhen also exist, but are both dead, I'm not aware of any live versions.
976	adjudicated	1	She definitely suffers from some kind of mentall illness. Remember she made that bizarre cameo in the Scientology movie???
977	adjudicated	1	Maybe Karen shouldn't butt into the mutterings of a private conversation. No one was at risk of being beaten and/ostracized. Karen....While I understand you being offended, BITCH the world doesn't revolve around you. Find a goddamn bookclub Busy Body Betty.
978	adjudicated	1	Love it! I rarely see it on booklists, though and I don't know why. It's such a great book!
979	adjudicated	1	I think this would be a great one to read with the bookclub - lots to analyse!
980	adjudicated	1	Mine is **Inferno: A Memoir of Motherhood and Madness** by **Catherine Cho**.I added this 2 days ago to my tbr list and I can't remember where I got that from, I'm seriously getting old...In general, I follow the subs you listed as well. I love how r/52book fills my reddit with beautiful book covers. I like r/booksuggestions and r/suggestmeabook as well. I also shamelessly steal books from my goodreads friends or even their friends when they pop up in my feed. Sometimes I get books for my tbr from instagram but I don't use it that much.
981	adjudicated	3	I'm sorry, but as our [rules](/r/books/wiki/rules) state, we do not allow recommendation threads. Please refamiliarize yourself with our rules before posting.Our [Weekly Recommendation Thread][link] is always at the top of any /r/books page, and /r/booksuggestions and /r/whattoreadwhen exist as well.If you ever need help remembering a particular book, try /r/whatsthatbook or /r/tipofmytongue.Thanks.
982	adjudicated	2	Thank you so much; that video answered my question perfectly.I'm going to be running a book club for Great Expectations in r/bookclub in April, and I'll be sure to include a link to that video in the marginalia thread.
983	adjudicated	2	On the ontological nature of fiction, you may want to have a look at the answers to [this post from a few months back][link] - in particular u/spolia_opima 's reply, which is full of up-to-date goodies. And I second u/Dyingdyingdeath on Ryan - [her website][link] even has convenient pdfs and links.
984	adjudicated	2	r/booksr/truebooksr/bookclubr/bookdiscussionr/excerptsr/bookquotes
985	adjudicated	3	You’re welcome. You’ll probably get more welcomed engagement on r/books, r/suggestmeabook, r/whattoreadwhen, or r/booksuggestions.
986	adjudicated	2	I've read 19 books in 2022, or two books per week. Those books average 278 pages, so although there are a couple over 500 pages, they're balanced out by shorter books. Some are re-reads, which generally go more quickly. Here's the actual timing: On Sundays, my wife and I each pick a book, sit on the couch, and read, finishing the book that day (with one exception when I was busy). Then I find time during the rest of the week - a few minutes here, an hour there, it all adds up - and read something else. Sometimes one book, sometimes two, sometimes none.But the real "how" is that I remind myself that while watching TV is easier, and picking up my phone for a few minutes (which often stretch to hours) of Reddit, news, social media, etc. is easier, reading books is more pleasurable and gives me more satisfaction, and I make a point of doing it. I'm also active on r/52book, where I've set a goal and hold myself accountable through weekly check-ins on my progress. The goal isn't important, the number doesn't matter, and I don't force myself to hit an artificial target. But if I fall behind it's a reminder that there's something I should be doing that I enjoy and value more than other time-killers.
987	adjudicated	2	Literally no one gives a shit about booklists, what you’re complaining about is ideological difference. “Turning people away from our movement” in reality should read “People who are actively antithetical to our movement.” The ideological difference is that many conservatives believe in free markets, regressive social policies that reinscribe existing power structures, and controlling the bodies of women to maintain economic difference. There are longer discussions to be had about the rise of conservative populism, usually at the expense of working class folks of color, and/or the support of a police state that disproportionally incarcerated black folks, and to what degree conservatives back these policies in a shifting landscape, but for the last forty years and more, and in the rise of Trump, it’s been pretty overt.
988	adjudicated	1	unfortunately i'm reading  another book now but there is some subreddits such as /r/bookdiscussion and /r/books if you didn't find anyone to read your book with. discuss and write in Arabic so we can find other arab readers ;)
989	adjudicated	1	Nice!  Love holdmybeer.I posted this on the mntrolls reddit but reposting here incase it's helpful, list of mumsnet subjects and nearish reddit equivalents  (not completed!) Huge list, I will edit and add some more later and  will add to it if people suggest any.If you look in the sidebar of many of these, they will have links to related subreddits.*"Forces' sweethearts"* ---- r/USMilitarySO r/LongDistance *30 days only* --- you can delete posts, so no equivalent really.*AIBU?* ---- r/amiwrong r/AmItheAsshole r/changemyview*Academics' corner* ---- r/Professors r/academia*Addiction support* ---- r/REDDITORSINRECOVERY r/stopdrinking https://www.reddit.com/r/stopdrinking/wiki/links *Adoption* ---- r/Adoption r/AdoptionUK r/AdoptiveParents[link]*_Chat* ---- .... I need a life.
990	adjudicated	1	You deny it Did I? I said I didn't believe you. That's not the same thing.Instead of acknowledging your error you just move on to a new attack lineWhat exactly do you want me to acknowledge about a typo? It's meaningless. Which is why it's rather telling this is all you've bothered substantiating.extend the same basic courtesies of discussionI prove my points. I don't lie. I don't give you the run around (oh, but wait, you're going to complain that saying "start" isn't a specific reference to the start of the conversation and therefore you are completely right to be confused about what goalposts you're being accused on moving... except, no, it is a specific reference; this is precisely what I mean... here's a question I say I've answered but which I can easily quote you as saying I haven't answered).Elsewhere you've told me that it's my fault that you are being rude and aggressive toward me which is well, wow. Given you tried to gaslight me into believing I "came in hot"... yes, it is.Yes. "Literature" means written texts.But, sure, you win the point. Have a biscuit. Completely beside anything of substance, just like everything else you actually care to talk about, but you got me.
991	adjudicated	2	Thats great - sounds like  you should check out r/52book if you haven't already! People challenge themselves to read 52 books in a year (you can set any goal though).
992	adjudicated	1	Love the 52book sub for that reason. And my tbr grows steadily, but next up on it is The Master - a book about Roger Federer. I'm a tennis player and this was my Christmas gift :D
993	adjudicated	2	There are other subreddits more dedicated to discovering books - /r/suggestmeabook and /r/booksuggestions are very directly that, but /r/currentlyreading, /r/52books, /r/whattoreadwhen, /r/firstpage and just plain old /r/books are also possibilities. I don't think this sub needs to fill that niche also.
994	adjudicated	1	The one bloody year I am on top of having school booklists sorted…
995	adjudicated	3	Source: [link]
996	adjudicated	2	I love multigenerational family sagas, one of my all time favourites is The House of Spirits. ( I’m reading Pachinko atm, completely missed the timing of the r/bookclub even though I was so excited to join in). Read One Hundred few years ago and wanted to re-read with the classics, but Feb was interrupted by holidays and then by sickness so sadly missed all the club reads.
997	adjudicated	1	The Postmistress of PARIS.
998	adjudicated	1	During Covid, I found r/52book and started the 1 book per week challenge. I read 65 books in 2020, but then only 52 books in 2021. This is up from 8(!) in 2019. I’m setting the same 52 book goal this year as it seems to work well for me. Unfortunately, my TBR is over 100 books long 😆
999	adjudicated	1	Ayy, 15f (almost 16, very excited for driving to be a thing.) and I also work. only twice a week though.